delightful casablanca we spent christmas week at the casablanca and had a good experience .
our room was quite nice - -we splurged on a mini - suite - -and the staff was lovely .
only a couple of very minor critiques regarding the room : the towels were a bit scratchy ; there was not a lot of storage space in the bathroom for makeup , etc . ; neither of the two dvd players nor the cd player worked ; and when we arrived the temp . in our room was around 90 degrees , which we quickly remedied by cranking down the thermostat and turning on the ceiling fans .
otherwise , the room was immaculate and nicely decorated , and the bed was extremely comfy !
we loved the lounge with the 24- hour snacks and hot drinks - -just what was needed on a cold and windy day after walking around midtown for hours .
the continental breakfast every morning was nice as well .
did i mention that the staff was great ?
i ca not say enough about them .
our room faced 43rd st . and there was some street noise ( the garbage trucks at 5 a . m . were not pleasant but that only happened once ) , but hey , it 's new york !
and the casablanca is literally feet from times square .
we were able to walk to and from penn st . as well as rockefeller center , public library , skating in bryant park , 5th ave , central park , restaurants , broadway shows , etc .
we tried tony 's italian restaurant next door for dinner on our first night and it was fine - -huge portions of food at a reasonable price , plus great people watching .
next time we go to nyc we will probably stay in a different area of the city just for variety , but if you 're planning to be in midtown , you ca not do any better than the casablanca .
radio city christmass show yearly event great rooms , very clean , everybody extra friendly we paid for the inclusive package but they where all out of bubbly no big deal for me but some might be upset over that ?
they did have complimentary wine  chesse reception that was nice we do not go in for a big breakfast so the european - style breakfast was great for us lots of coffee . frest
fruit bun of some kinds not to bad the rates are like any hotlel they all are a little high but you get a great room a good nights sleep cozy for sure you will leave rested and ready to explore the big apple for thats what staying over night is all about .
lovely little hotel this hotel is lovely and clean , there are however some points i must make to make this a fair review .
we had a quiet room at the back of the hotel , the a/c unit is direct to the outside so some street noise can always be heard . .what you do need to bear in mind though is that this is new york city , there will always be background noise .
the room itself i felt was small , (511) as was the shower room .
what we did miss was a bath , after pounding the streets for hours and hours personally we would have liked a relaxing soak , but that is very personel preference .
we cannot however distract from the very personel service that this hotel offers .
turn down every evening with chocolate bar , wine and cheese , complimentory 5pm -8pm every evening and the very high standard breakfast offered every morning was a real bonus . all the staff were extreamly helpful , polite and courtious throughout our stay and find it hard to believe that some reveiws have been negative towards staff here , we greated everybody in the same way we were greated every time we walked through the doors and never had a discourtious word said .
i have to say with this hotel it 's the little extra touches that make your stay very special , nothing too extravigant but you are made to feel that little bit more welcome than some big chain hotels .
this hotel is not cheap , but for the service you receive is worth those couple of hundred more .
we had a complimentiry bottle of bubbly included in our stay and the front desk made sure we received this .
all in all i would book to return to this hotel as the location is fantastic and central and the little extra 's make your stay that little bit more special . . . . . tony 's italian next door , good pasta , reasonable prices , $20 for pasta and meatballs enough for two , be warned the beers are expensive , $7.50 for a corona , also spankys bbq just up the street is worth a mention , just what you 'd expect from an american eatery , reasonable beer , good ribs and chicken and the service and staff very good .
we loved nyc and will be making a return journey sometime in the future and if the prices at cassablanca stay reasonable , will book to stay there again . joanne and martin mcgee , west yorkshire .
will stay here at the casablanca again !
my daughter and i had a great few days staying at the casablanca .
the hotel is small but personal and the staff could not have been more helpful or courteous .
i would certainly stay here again particularly as the location is so close to times square and therefore very central .
very enjoyable stay !
i stayed at the casablanca for 4 nights in mid - october .
i had a room on the third floor , and found the room to be extremely quiet .
in fact , i slept better at the casablanca than i did at the other hotels i stayed at in the usa , even though the others were in quiet rural locations .
the room was at the back of the hotel not facing the street , and although this makes it a little dark it was probably the best choice . the room was a little on the small side , and lacked a bit of draw space for longer stays .
however , the wardrobe is big enough , and a table and chair are also provided .
after a bit of too - ing and fro - ing we managed to get settled .
the owners have resisted the urge to cram lots of furniture in ( a good thing in my view ) .the bathroom was nicely finished and was functional , with a full length mirror ( yay ! ) , making good use of space . the standard of d?cor was acceptable to good . one thing i would say is that the room was extremely clean when we entered it ( and i do look at these things ) , and was correctly and properly cleaned and tidied each day . rick?? caf? is a nice place to get a cup of tea or coffee .
it was about the only place in my trip to the usa where i managed to get a really good cup of tea , and my wife liked the choices of different types of coffee .
breakfast was ok , with lots of tea for me and a selection of pastries .
this room was large enough for the number of guests using it , and kept neat and tidy at all times . all in all , the casablanca has quite ordinary guest rooms and public spaces .
what makes the place stand out are the staff , and i??l give you some examples . -
the cleaning staff who clean and tidy rooms to a high standard . -
the staff who work in rick?? caf? on the second floor .
there was always a member of staff in attendance , making sure the room is clean and tidy , and re - stocking cookies , tea , coffee , and anything else that might run out . -
the staff who work in reception .
check in and out was quick and efficient , and they usually opened doors for us as we came and went . -
all of the staff are bright and cheerful towards guests . -
the manager took the time to introduce himself to us .
the location is pretty good .
personally i don?? like times square , but there are so many other places in nyc that i do like that are within a short walk it makes up for it .
there is also a good number of subway lines to choose from close by . on the whole a good choice . my only minor negative comment is on the subject of value .
my 4 night stay cost 2000 dollars ( including taxes ) which to me seems a little on the high side , but may be quite normal for nyc .
nice little hotel we stayed here for three nights after reading the good reviews on this site .
firstly i would say that the location is brilliant , just off times square and within walking distance of a lot of tourist sites .
we had a room at the back and it was so quiet you would not believe you were in the middle of the city .
the room itself while not a large room was perfect for our needs .
the complimentary coffee and biscuits available all day was a welcome treat as was the cheese and wine in the evening .
breakfast was available in rick 's cafe every morning and there was a good selection available .
we found the staff to be courteous and overall enjoyed our stay .
does what it says on the tin !
we booked the casablanca after reading the reviews on tripadvisor and in the main , would agree with the majority of these .
we arrived earlier than expected and were greeted by a friendly doorman and our room was ready .
we stayed for 5 nights , asked for a quiet room and this was provided (609) .
i stayed in a suite with my parents and we were pleasantly surprised at the size of the room .
having read previous reviews we expected no space at all but found plenty of room for all our stuff !
the bathroom is lovely and spacious and complimentary toiletries were gorgeous - tip : do not take your own !
the housekeeping staff were fabulous , bringing clean towels and fresh toiletries every morning and afternoon , and the room was spotless .
tvs in the bedroom and living area stopped any arguments over the remote too !
this is definitely an oasis to come back to after a hard days sightseeing - breakfast and cheese and wine saved us alot of money and were welcomed .
the staff in rick 's cafe were great , could not do enough for us and the computer access was really helpful to check on things .
we met some great people staying in the hotel and it is definitely a much more friendly , relaxed environment than some of the larger chains .
the door staff were very friendly too , offering a welcome smile and cheery goodbye when entering and leaving the hotel .
on the downside , some of the reception staff did not appear to have a great knowledge of local restaurants and were not overly helpful .
this seemed to depend on who was on duty .
some of the other staff were great and very helpful and friendly .
looking at previous reviews this does seem to vary and this was our experience .
the day staff were certainly much friendlier and genuine ( perhaps others were just fed up working nights ? ! ) .
unfortunately , the bottle of champagne we were hoping for on my mum 's birthday did not materialise as written in a previous review .
this was a bit disappointing as we had hoped for a special day for her and this would have been a nice touch .
the hotel needs to keep on top of things and not get complacent regarding their position in trip advisor , otherwise they will quickly find themselves slipping down the ratings .
all in all , this was a great stay and we would definitely stay here again , perhaps keep an open mind and do not expect too much and you wo not be disappointed .
make your own itinerary and do your research before you go then you 're not reliant on others to plan your trip .
the hotel is great and the location could not be better ( literally just off times square ) .
the rooms are not as small as some i have seen and perfectly adequate for new york .
this really is a little oasis and inside the hotel , we could not hear any noise from outside .
i doubt you would find anywhere better in manhatten at the prices paid .
made us want to visit nyc again this was our third stay in nyc but the first time in casablanca .
until now we have not really liked nyc but after our visit to casablanca we really want to go back .
when making our onlie resevation we almost instantly got a personal email back which we replied to with some personal preferences .
this was also replied to almost instantly which felt great .
upon arrival we were friendly greeted and taken care of in a professional manner .
the hotel features a few things not always found in a hotel but are nice such as the free wine and cheese in the afternoon . the location was great with times square just outside the door and still the interior of the hotel featured a very quiet and relaxed atmosphere .
hotel hideaway this was my first trip to new york and we enjoyed our stay at the casablanca , although some aspects of the hotel could have been better . we booked it well in advance and stayed a week , so i was a bit disappointed to find that our room was quite small and dark .
it overlooked the internal stairwell which had the 'smoking area ' of the breakfast room in it and a smoky smell often entered our room through the air - con unit .
on arrival , we found the carpet disconcertingly damp - perhaps it had been shampooed after the departure of some earlier messy occupants ?
the bathroom had a fabulous spacious shower and lovely toiletries . i liked the morrocan themed decor running throughout the hotel and the communal areas and room were both very clean . the breakfast room was a pleasant place to be , very calm after the hustle and bustle of manhattan .
early evening wine and cheese sessions were most enjoyable !
at peak breakfast times , the room could be rather overcrowded and some of the low cane furniture was not ideal for eating breakfast , especially for those travelling with children . the hotel is in a superb location , we walked most places .
the subway is handy too . the staff were brilliant .
very friendly and welcoming ( just what you need after a horrendous time getting through immigration at the airport ) and extremely helpful recommending places to visit , restaurants to eat at and other local information 
yet another very satisfied guest of the casablanca hotel there is probably nothing new i can offer - the other reviews of this hotel already do a great job of summarizing what a wonderful hotel the casablanca is .
we stayed for 4 nights ( sat - wed ) .
we had booked a double room and did find that the bed was a bit small for us ( we are used to sleeping on a king at home ) , but the room ( and bathroom ) itself were very nice .
on a special note , the shower was fantastic - spacious and great water pressure .
the hotel is very clean and quiet .
it is literally a few steps to time square , and yet we did not hear any noise at night .
as many other reviews have noted , the breakfast and wine/cheese cocktail are a special detail at the casablanca .
you can also get coffee , cappuccino , espresso , tea , etc all day .
the location is great because you can easily walk to several subway lines .
i would not hesitate to recommend the casablanca and hope to stay here again myself .
solid my wife , 11yo daughter , and i just completed a 5 night stay at the casablanca .
i am not going to gush and say greatest ever or ca not wait to return but felt the hotel definitely met our needs .
it is clean , quiet ( we were in room 309, a jr . suite at the back side of the hotel ) , and comfortable .
please note other reviewer 's comments re noise at the front of the hotel .
housekeeping was excellent - room always looked great when we returned daily .
please see other reviews re rick 's - it was a nice extra .
there is a free computer with internet in rick 's but i was able to use my laptop via a wireless network named casablanca .
pros : location was convenient and close to major subway stop ( ny port authority/ times square ) .
you can walk easily to the harbor cruises , rock .
ctr , empire st . bldg , central park , etc .
times sq ( you 're right there ) is very touristy and crowded but the hotel is just off the major crush of people and is like an oasis of calm .
room was not large but efficiently designed .
bathroom clean , excellent water pressure in shower , ac worked well but fan stays on continuously .
overhead room fans were also nice .
room had a safe lager enough to hold our small macbook laptop ( amazingly , when i called the hotel the person told me their safe 's were too small to hold a laptop ) .
towels were adequate and were changed twice daily .
cons : front desk folks were polite and pleasant but i did not find the restaurant suggestions to be that great .
they seem to quickly suggest the place next door ( tony 's ) when there are tons of better places within easy walking distance .
i asked for a suggestion for a special place to take my wife for our anniv .
and never got an answer .
i was told they would send up a bottle of champagne ( which never arrived ) .
i would highly recommend buying a zagat restaurant guide ( a small paperback book ) .
it was spot - on in it 's reviews and even categorized restaraunts by location ( eg , w 40's ) , cuisine , view , special occaision , etc .
i felt that the front desk staff had basic knowledge and were decent with directions but they really are not ( by training or professsion ) a real concierge .
also , bathroom lacked counter space although they had a small set of drawers to put things in .
neutral : room furnishings and beds , and linens were decent .
one flat screen tv and one reg tv in the suite .
variety of food , wine , cheese , drinks at rick 's was limited ( not a great variety as described by others ) and got old quickly for me .
nevertheless , it was nice to have the option of having it .
free newspapers to read as well was a nice touch .
ok , if you 've read this far : hotel has a very high percentage of european travelers .
likely word of mouth and strong euro and pound .
no one was unpleasant but our experience was that interaction/ conversation was very limited ( some reasonably based on language differences ) .
others seemed indifferent , shy , aloof , i do not know .
i enjoy talking to other guests and this hotel was not positive for us in that regard .
take it for what it 's worth .
it was my disappointment and not an indictment of all european travelers .
overall , the hotel met our needs but it is unlikely that i would stay again based on the huge variety of lodgings available in ny .
tranquility in new york this hotel is in a superb location just off times square and provides excellent service with breakfast , all day refreshments and evening cheese and wine .
it is a nice small hotel and very clean but some rooms can be noisy , not from the street but the lift and adjoining property air condittioning fans but do not be put off as the extremely helpful staff will do all they possibly can to resolve any problems .
i do not think you could do better than this hotel for a stay in the big apple , for the price .
luxury with a bit of noise we stayed at the casablanca for one night .
friends of ours were visiting and had made all the arrangements .
we found the hotel very clean , the room was lovely and the staff was extremely friendly .
the only issue was the noise .
granted in nyc you are going to get noise particularly with the proximity to times square .
it was not inexpensive , so i would just warn out of town guests that it is smack dab in the theatre district and you will hear sirens all night long .
bring ear plugs !
really nice hotel in a fantastic location we visted new york two weeks ago and the casablanca hotel and staff were great .
the hotel is centrally located , surrounded by sights , restaurants , shops and underground stations .
the staff ca not do enough for you .
the first floor is used as a lounge type area with complimentary drinks etc at all hours .
there 's also a computer with internet access and printer , all free of charge .
breakfast time was sometimes a bit busy but that 's no real problem as it gave us an excuse to use the diner next door ! !
the room was not huge but it was more than adequate for two adults .
there was some noise at night but what do you expect from a hotel bang in the middle of times square ?
i really loved it very good hotel with a good location  staff .
very clean close too times square .
rooms were really noce  very comfortable .
very nice breakfast and relaxing area in lounge .
nice , modern bathrooms .
nothing else expected from affordable place like this .
excellent location , good hotel we have just spent 4 nights at the casablanca , there were 4 of us , 2 adults  2 teens , so we booked 2 rooms , each with 2 queen sized beds .
the hotel was in a superb location for us as tourists , many of the main sites being in walking distance .
the rooms were fine , the beds comfortable and everything spotless .
as others have said they are a little on the small side and could do with more storage space , both in the bedroom  the bathroom , but it is manageable .
our rooms were very quiet , being positioned at the back of the hotel .
it did feel like a peaceful refuge in a very busy area of the city . the 24hr availability of tea , coffee , cookies etc was a great facility .
unfortunately we never managed to be about when the wine  cheese was ! the staff were ok , not always perhaps as knowledgeable about tourist sites as they could be , but were friendly enough and would look things up when asked . we would definitely use this hotel again .
location , location nice hotel with a great , friendly and helpful staff .
good breakfast and relaxing lounge area .
nice , modern bathrooms .
all clean and 2 doors from times square .
rooms in nyc can be tiny . . . this one is good , not huge , but very comfortable .
highly recommend sardi 's if in the theatre district for dinner !
terribly disappointed in tavern on the green .
food no better than so , so and service awful .
express buses from airport easy and only $15.00.
easy walk to casablanca .
i have to agree with most of the other reviews on this property .
the location is perfect , the staff are mostly fantastic .
there are some who seem to be just doing a job but this is compensated by the others who are the best .
the food and wine on level 2 is a great option and my kids loved being able to go down and snack . the suite we had was great and the option of the fold out sofa made things better for the four of us .
my only negative is that the beds were too short .
i am only six foot one , so not overly tall , but my feet were always hanging over the end of the bed which is uncomfortable .
this is unusual and may be due to size of the rooms but for such a well thought out hotel , i thought this was a significant issue . despite this , i would stay at casablanca again if i was lucky enough to come to new york .
great little gem my husband and stayed here for 2 nights in october .
we loved it .
the room was quite small , but very clean .
the bathroom had great amenities , good shower .
my husband is 6'4 and the shower head was quite high for him .
he 's used to being hit in the chest with the water as most hotels do not place the shower heads very high .
rick 's cafe was a welcome respite .
the little terrace off the cafe was the smoking section and had cute little tables .
it was quite warm while we were there and the a/c units in the rooms dripped onto the terrace .
not a big deal .
i would be hesitant to say the a/c would be great in the dog days of summer .
the window unit kept the room around 22-24 degrees but not much cooler .
our room had no view , but was on the interior of the hotel .
that seemed to keep the noise from times square at bay .
front desk staff was amazing .
i would stay here again .
a gem of a hotel in the heart of nyc this is our fourth stay at the casablanca .
the staff is friendly and very helpful .
the complimentary continental breakfast is a nice touch .
as is , the afternoon wine  cheese service .
a great way to unwind .
the rooms are a bit small , but manageable .
the rooms , and the entire hotel , are very clean .
very cozy  we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the casablanca .
our room was super quiet , the pillows were very comfy . had a great nights sleep .
super shower with lots of power . loved the little reception room with the wine and cheese to hang out and meet some of the other guests .
a most relaxing stay , wish it had been longer , but we 'll definitely stay again ! ! great place with helpful friendly staff .
great experience !
we stayed for the new years eve holiday week in 2007.
everything was first class .
the room was beautiful with classic european flair .
small , but typical nyc .
front desk service with first class and responsive .
continental breakfast and cocktail hours were well done and not to be missed .
we ca not wait until 2008!
loved it my self and my wife stayed in this hotel due to the reviews on this web site and we were 'nt disappionted , but i must say try and get one of the rooms at the back as the front rooms can be a little noise .
this hotel is very pleasant to stay in and right on the door step of time square .
( i would not hesitate in booking this hotel again ) 
great find in nyc the casablanca is a great little hotel smack in the middle of times square .
the room we had was small but clean and comfy and most importantly quiet !
we could here nothing from the busy streets outside . the breakfast buffet every morning was tasty and fresh and the staff were always cheerful and helpful . the wine and cheese in the evening was a great touch also . all in all a great value place to stay at times square !
great location just back from a five night stay in this wonderful , small , friendly , clean , great located hotel . ca not fault it and after reading other reviews on this site it was everything we expected .
the rooms are small but adequate . equipped with ironing board , iron and hairdryer .
ours had a nice big cupboard for storing the suitcases and plenty of coathangers . rick 's lounge is great for having your coffee or your wine and cheese in the evening .
there is a coffee machine so you can make a cup at any time you wish . breakfast includes a healthy choice of fruit along with your bagels etc . every member of staff was friendly and very helpful . turn right and the heart of times square is 20 meters yet there is no noise once you are in .
we were within walking distance of a lot of the tourist attractions . would have no problem recommending this hotel to anyone visiting new york .
very nice this hotel is very nice , quiet and clean with impeccable service .
the employees are very knowledgeable , polite and anxious to help with any questions you have or directions .
the rooms are small but clean and the beds are very comfortable .
we were not bothered by outside noises .
we enjoyed the lounge and snacks and that is a plus after a long walk in the city !
great stay !
we stayed for our second honeymoon , the first week of august .
we loved this hotel .
the staff was very friendly to us .
( we did stay a week ) we were on the fourth floor , corner room main window facing the street .
it did get noisy from the construction across the street , but did not bother us as we were exhausted from walking the city .
we were a bit annoyed by the one tiny window in the bathroom facing a courtyard in between the various restaraunts around - every morning it smelled like greasy meat .
room was large enough for two , not quite enough drawer space , but we are heavy packers .
the second floor food display was convenient and the computer was very helpful to plan our outings .
a little too close to times square for our tastes , but if you want a nice quiet place in the middle of the times square madness - this is the place for you .
an oasis within the hustle and bustle stayed a couple nights in early november , also based on reviews on tripadvisor .
would recommend travelers consider using newark and taking train into penn station - -from there a relatively short walk or subway ride to hotel and at $15/person cheaper and maybe faster than cab .
casablanca was convenient for my purposes with the subway very close and some destinations within walking distance .
room rate was fair based on the competition and it is nyc .
i echo an earlier comment that they really need a guest - accessable ice machine .
also i would recommend they suggest a 15-30 minute time limit on the public computer , as guests would spend an hour or two at a time on the system .
i found it unusual they do not have customer feedback cards or forms .
good bbq close at spanky 's , and many deli locations in the area .
will probably stay again for our next trip .
good experience got back this morning from a 12- day trip to the states , with 3 nights at the casablanca , having picked it from trip adviser .
i did miss the big bustling lobby of a larger hotel , but quickly came to realise it is a real find .
the room was not huge , but we knew that from the other reviews , but was very clean .
excellent bathroom with good quality toiletries .
loved rick 's cafe .
made such a difference to be able to get refreshment whenever you wanted it and we met some very interesting people and were able to swap experiences and suggestions .
as everyone mentioned , the staff made huge efforts to be helpful .
when we were leaving the hotel , they were filming outside and the road was blocked , so two of the staff came to the corner of 43rd and broadway with us and waited 10 mins until our car came to make sure we got off safely .
ca not imagine that happening everywhere !
we followed their suggestion of booking a car to newark - 99 dollars all in including tolls , tip etc .
much easier than wondering what a regular taxi driver is going to charge ( no set fee for newark ) .
our car was large , comfortable and speedy .
worth the extra for a more luxurious end to a holiday .
ask for vern of mlc luxury limousine service .
he was polite and entertaining !
an oasis but a bit claustrophobic this was a first time in nyc .
we dithered about hotels - in or out of manhattan , big or small , gym or no gym , etc . - but plumped for the casablanca on the basis of tripadvisor reviews .
first off , we were really impressed by reception staff ( nick in particular ) - both from e - mails prior to arriving and whilst there - the big chains could learn a lot from this attention to detail .
we 'd expected the room to be smallish , and it was , although we had been upgraded to a 'deluxe king '.
but given the proximity to times square , there 's always going to be a trade - off between size , quietness , view , and so on .
our room was facing the inside of the hotel , so the view was down to the small patio of rick 's cafe .
this meant that there was no view to speak of and it was rather dark .
if one was staying there for just a few days that 'd be fine , but after six days , it did start getting a bit claustrophobic .
that said , the room was scrupulously clean and the bed was very comfortable .
breakfast was served in rick 's cafe on the 1st floor .
this was a european - style continental breakfast , with a reasonable variety but unvarying from day to day and a lot of competition for a limited number of tables .
rick 's cafe also offers complimentary wine and cheese from 5 - 8 pm every evening .
this was a real bonus and just what was needed before venturing out into the noise and chaos of times square for an evening meal .
the casablanca also offers a free gym pass to the new york sports club , which is on 42nd street and proved to be just what we needed to work off the calories of the casablanca freebies .
great choice i went to ny for the first time in august and wanted to stay somewhere central .
i read so many reviews etc and checked so mny prices ! the casablanca came up best in terms of price for what you get .
i paid around $275 pl tax per night and for this time of year it was reasonable .
the room was fine , i was not unhappy to be there but it was possibly a little older than what i thought ( or maybe because i stayed the first 4 nights at the modern bryant park ) .
anyway , its true the staff are all very friendly and helpful , they did their best .
the wine/cheese afternoon thing is really great , and i enjoyed being able to have a glass of wine before getting ready for whatever i was doing that night .
i think it is a great options for families and couples , but hey i travelled on my own and also enjoyed this hotel , it just depends what u are looking for .
by the way there was a big storm when i was there and i didnt hear a thing , nor any other outside noise .
air con was a bit noisy so i had to switch it off and use the room fan which was cool enough to sleep .
overall it is a great hotel and i had a wonderful experience but i think the best part is value for money .
loved it but rooms are very small .
extremely friendly staff and immaculate rooms .
continental breakfast was above average and lounge area was very well maintained .
wine tasting was very refreshing .
suggestions from staff were very helpful .
the main limitation was the size of the room .
if you are uncomfortable with small spaces ( the room was approximately 11' by 16) this is not the place for you .
on the other hand the location was excellent and i am told that most ny hotels have very small rooms .
the restaurant next door , tony 's , was very good .
one portion for two is more than enough .
friendly hotel in fantastic location my friend and i stayed at the casablanca for 4 nights in june and were amazed at how close to times square this hotel was located .
literally a couple of steps around the corner and you are there !
the added bonus was that our room overlooked an internal courtyard , which although did not give much of a view , meant that it was completely quiet at night time - even in the city that never sleeps .
we had a slight problem with the plumbing in the bathroom , but this was rectified after a couple of dozes with the plunger !
i recommend this hotel to anyone who likes to stay in a small hotel and who are looking for a friendly atmosphere in a central location .
good but is it really no 1? first let me say that this is a great little hotel , very well placed if you want the hustle and bustle of times square , and all the tourist traps that go with it .
the room we had was small but no smaller than the last room we had in new york , and still way big enough for us , our cases etc .
the room was clean , the bathroom very nice , and the aircon worked , and we heard no noise from outside . the breakfast was really nice , more continental than the traditional fried bacon and eggs , and the cheese and wine was also a nice way to sit and decide where to go and eat .
the staff were really very friendly and very helpful - we had a sports company deliver a tennis racquet to the hotel , but it was late and arrived after we had checked out .
the front desk had it fed ex 'd onto us with no fuss , which was really appreciated .
i do agree with the earlier review that all this does not make it absolutely the number 1 in new york - for the price , location and service , it was truly very very good , however there was no real wow factor , which i was sort of expecting given the number and enthusiasm of the previous reviews . personally , next time i go , i will stay somewhere further downtown , in a quieter area , with less theme restaurants , but if someone asked me to recommend a mid level hotel , near times square then this would be my recommendation .
tucked away we stayed here for 3 days prior to a caribbean cruise and had our first taste of new york .
prices for hotels were an eye opener but i guess this is prime real estate .
we had a nice vist at this hotel with its complimentary breakfast .
service was good and the room was lovely .
they gave us an upgrade as soon as we arrived .
the only thing i question is the room cost which is price to equal 4 star hotels such as the hyatt and equitable hotels .
this is a very small hotel with no restaurant and other amenities you would expect in a larger hotel .
i do not get their pricing . other than that , friendly , cosy , just off times square .
almost paradise on earth we are currently staying at the above having checked in on sunday .
although we had booked a deluxe queen/ king room many months ago witha fridge and requesting a quiet room we were given room 308 yes we had our fridge ( please ensure you request one as there are only a limited number ) it was quite humid and we were only aware at the timeof going to sleep that when we turned off the air conditioning we were next to a noisy generator as it was quite late we thought we would see if we could cope in this room but alas no so we the next morning tried to see about a room change we went to reception at 8am and spoke to the two guys at reception they said that unfortunately they were very heavily booked and had no king rooms available howeverthey could let us have room on the 5th floor and this would be available in a couple of hours ( just enough time for us to go to century 21 and do some shopping at one of new yorks great discount shopping stores ) back we came at 11.00 to be told that our room was now ready and by 11.10 we were in our new room the new room is very near the elevators so there is a bit of noise and the generator can still be heard but it is a much better slightly quieter queen room . overall my impressions this is not our first stay in new york we are regular visitors and have stayed in many hotels in all classes and this is our second stay here so here goeswe checked in at about 5pm this was a breeze a guy called peter did that it took about 5 minutes and he was very polite explained all the facilities that the hotel offered etc the doorman i think his name was al took our case up to our room and again efficient and polite and helped us later when we had a problem with the room the wine and cheese was lovely not as good as i remember from last year but still good .
the wine was off a superior quality cheese not bad popcorn great and most importantly the girl was lovely again pleasantpolite and friendlymoving on they have a turn down service this consists of someone coming into your room in the evening and turning your bed sheets downliterally nothing more nothing less i would personally like to seee either this service removed or improvedyou could very simply improve it by leaving a chocolate on the pillowand perhaps filling up your ice bucket ( if you want ice at the momentyou have to phone and request it , although there are ice buckets in the room there is nowhere for you yourself to go and fill it ) rooms on the whole are small very typical for ny even the deluxe queen is small yes you can just about fit a table and two chairs in and thats about it there is a minibar in the room but with the great facilitiesin ricks bar it seem a bit of a waste to me .
ricks bar as already said wine and cheese from 5pm to 8pm mon to sat and rick at the piano on friday evening during the cheese and wine and has free use of a computer i am writing this review on it .
there is free coffee tea cookies and fruit available here 24/7 breakfast served most days by a lovely pleasant girl called danielle this consists of boiled eggs cereals pastries bagels cream cheese fruit fruit salad yoghurts croissants perhaps some cold meats would be nice but thats a minor detail . the staff are great we have yet to meet any member of staff who was not lovely or pleasant or well informed happy to chat to you if you want respecting your privacy if you do not want to chat great housekeeping room lovely and clean spotless so all in all very good deserves the ratings it gets i hope our checkout is as smooth as our checkin i will let you know 
its the little extras that count the casablanca hotel , times square , new york . trip advisor member - staffordshire , u . k .04- june -2007we have just returned from the casablanca and really must thank all of the staff for ensuring that we had a good holiday .
everyone of them went out of their way to help us , and provided a professional and courteous service .
the hotel is situated next to times square which is the busiest part of new york .
after a day spent trekking around the city it was a pleasure to return in the evening to the complimentary cheese and wine buffet in ricks cafe ( between 5.30 and 8.00) .
ricks cafe also provides free computer / internet use and free coffee from the vending machine 24/7.
the buffet breakfast is adequate to start the day with a choice of cereals , croissants and fresh fruit etc .
we booked a queen room but were upgraded to a king room on the 5th floor .
the room was a reasonable size for new york with a nice bathroom , however , ask for a rear room if you are a light sleeper .
the air conditioning units are fitted into the windows and if being used you can hear the outside hubble ( it seemed like an emergency vehicle passed by every time we dropped off to sleep .
we eventually turned the unit off and shut the window which made it a lot quieter , sleep or be cool , its your choice . overall an excellent hotel in the centre of manhattan .
one word of warning !
we could not get a taxi to jfk airport on friday afternoon .
taxis stopped but refused to do the trip .
after an hour we ended up takeing the bus from the port authority depot 2 blocks away .
due to congestion ( probably why the taxis wont go ) the journey took nearly 2 hours and we only just made the flight .
liked it !
this is our sort of hotel , small friendly nicely presented and spotlessly clean .
great reception from all the staff who we found very friendly .
rooms are a little small ( not untypical in new york ) and ours faced the rear of hotel which suffered noise badly from huge neighbouring air con plant ( not hotels ) .
in fairness another room was offered but as we were only there two nights and the first night had passed we put up with it .
thats our only criticism , inclusive nice buffet , cheese  wine , snacks and internet .
great location for busy bustling new yorkt heatre  shopping areas .
stay at the casablanca but it 's not like other places are not as good i stayed at the casablanca for six days , so i definitely feel i have enough experience to write a solid review .
first , i agree with another reviewer here that the room you stay in is important .
ours was facing a wall , and while that sounds dismal , it was amazingly quiet .
the air conditioning is not central air , just a unit in the window , but the nice thing was you could control the temperature easily and by yourself .
the not nice thing was that the room would get cold extremely quickly , and then get hot if you turned off the a/c .
oh , well . i was looking forward to the famous cookies the casablanca website boasts but they were just oreo cookies and that confused me .
there is free internet access which was a nice touch for some last minute information - gathering or to check in with family back home .
( i 'd like to add it was my boyfriend and i on this trip , and we are both in our mid -20s .
most of the other people at the hotel at the time we were there were 40+ ) there are pros and cons to staying that close to times square .
pros include an amazing subway station half a block away that connects to everything , which is great if you are thinking of taking the subway .
another pro was that it was fairly midtown , so you could walk to places downtown and uptown .
the cons were that it was a hugely busy area at all times , so if you just wanted to go for a nice evening walk , there were always hundreds of people , and most of the restaurants right around the hotel were always very busy because of the pre - and - post broadway show crowds .
i thought that the guys who work there were nice , but nothing amazingly special like some people say .
i 've definitely had nicer and more helpful service at other places .
it annoyed me that for a local call i was chared 90 cents ( i just wanted to see if a store was open on memorial day ) , but that 's just hotel politics .
i did not believe the bed we received was a queen - they said it was , but then the queen is quite small , so be prepared .
the bathroom was much larger than i thought .
they had a dvd player and dvds you could watch , but ours was so scratched up it did not play at all , so do not count on that feature .
the buffet breakfast really was very nice , and had something for every kind of eater . there is a 24- hour duane read ( like a walgreen 's or shopper 's drug mart ) right around the corner if you need anything you do not want to pack ( like liquids , hehe ) .
overall , i would say my experience was positive , but i do not think it was so unique that another hotel could not have produced the same result .
beware of website if you smoke everything good you read about this hotel is true .
i counted it was 53 paces from time square and you cannot hear a thing unless you are on the smoking patio and you can hear the police sirens now and again .
my wife who is a stickler for cleanliness said it was immaculate .
one query however .
i arrived home today and rechecked the website and they ask for a smoking preference for your room .
we chose smoking but when we arrived , we were told that the hotel has no smoking rooms ! ! !
i feel we were decieved and this is tantamount to deception .
if i had known that all the rooms were non smoking , i would not have chosen this hotel .
why ask for a smoking preference when there are no 'smoking rooms ' ?
would stay here again great location , right in time square , central to most of my business meetings .
i was upgraded to a queen room which was just about as small as i would want to go .
i think a standard room would feel cramped .
the complimentary breakfast was wonderful . . . great selection of cereal , fruit , pastries  24hr latte/exspreso/cappachino machine .
the complimentary evening wine , cheese  crackers was also very nice .
had dinner @ tony 's family italian restaurant that you can access through the lobby of the hotel .
nice dinner - big portions  reasonably priced .
as i said in the title - i would stay here again .
the casablanca - great stay . . . great location we made arrangements on relatively short notice for four nights in early april .
our experience was great , and would definitely stay there again .
the casablanca is centrally located in midtown , and the premises clean and staff helpful .
we had to change rooms during our stay and this was well handled with luggage seamlessly transferred in our absence .
the breakfast service and recommendations that we got for restaurants were also on the mark .
the rooms were comfortably appointed and quiet , especially on the back of the building .
a stones ' throw from times square one hundred yards from times square this is a hotel in a great location .
you hardly need to leave w43rd street for good restaurants and bars - you will of course .
the brooklyn diner with its fabulous cheescakes and entrees , tony 's for the great meatballs and the heartland brewery for locally brewed beer and great steaks are all within fifty yards .
hotel room was compact and had all facilites .
with just six floors it was no surprise that there was not a view .
the desk was extremely helpful , breakfast was light and good and the early evening wine service helped to meet others .
great location , great hotel the hotel is just a few yards from time square , although you would not realise because , once inside , the noise and hustle - bustle of the street instantly disappears into an oasis of calm and relaxation .
we stayed for a few nights in february , when it was cold and snowy outside , and it was so nice to come in to a warm , peaceful hotel after a long day 's sightseeing .
it 's a 10 minute walk from grand central mainline station , or a 2 minute walk from time square subway station , and for theatre lovers , you could not ask to be closer to the heart of the theatre district . our room was a good size with a decent bathroom .
the bath was not huge but we did not need it as the shower worked perfectly well .
i 'd forgotten to bring shaving foam and toothpaste but the hotel staff provided me with both , only a couple of minutes after i rang reception .
the bed was enormous - probably could have fitted 4 people , let alone 2! the hotel heating was very efficient , if not a little bit too effective - we ended up sleeping with the window open to avoid over - heating during the night - but , i 'd much rather be too warm and have to open a window rather than being too cold and , as it was so cold outside , it was great to be able to get warm after being out on the streets .
the room had an air - con unit but it was fairly noisy so we did not use it .
our room only had a view over a central courtyard but it was not a problem as we had not exactly gone there expecting to see the hanging gardens of babylon outside the window !
the walls between rooms must have been thick too , because we never heard a sound from any other residents . the free breakfast was fairly simple ( bagels , croissants , egg , fruit + cereal ) but was more than adequate and in plentiful supply .
the afternoon cheese + wine buffet was excellent and was available for 3 hours each afternoon between 5-8pm .
the hotel had a lounge area that was open all day to residents , where breakfast and wine buffet were served .
it also had a computer with internet connection that was free to use and a coffe machine which served a number of different coffees or hot chocolate 24 hours a day . the staff were all very friendly and helpful and only too happy to assist us in anything we needed , particularly in sorting out our return travel to the airport . overall , a really good hotel , with lots of 'extras ', in a fantastic location , at a decent price ( for central manhattan ) - we had a great time staying there .
warm spot amidst the new york wintry cold excellent hotel and good value for this expensive area .
the cafe , wine and cheese along with the internet access were nice touches .
the decor was also excellent with the only downside being the room was a little on the small side - everything 's huge in the u s of a afterall .
great hotel stayed here 24/11/06 to 27/11/06.
our room was a standard room , it was quite small as previously stated , walking around/over suitcases , but the room itself was very well decorated and the bathroom was great too .
the staff were all very friendly and helpful .
ricks cafe was a wonderful place for a drink and a bite to eat .
drinks and biscuits available all day and the wine and cheese evenings except sundays were a nice touch .
there is use of the internet here which i used a few times .
the location is great for ts and there are numerous subway entrances nearby .
this hotel was wonderful to come back to after a busy day sightseeing .
if you want to be close to ts this is the hotel for you although with easy access to the subway you are never far away from anywhere .
would definitely recommend this hotel if you were looking for a small , boutique style hotel .
kitschy , campy , cool with rates starting north of $225 per night , choosing lodging in nyc carries more risk than most cities .
if you go by property size , price , or brand name ( e . g . , hilton ) you won?? happen across hotel casablanca .
this is unfortunate as the hotel offers originality and a great location in the theater district .
the theme is more nominally organized around the movie casablanca than the advertising would suggest ; however , the arabesque touches make for a memorable stay .
free continental breakfast ( think muffins and coffee ) and an evening wine and cheese reception timed to the shows make up for a complete lack of a view ( unless you find fire escapes inspiring ) .
the staff is solicitous and the rooms are clean although small even by midtown manhattan standards .
aussie 's ny oasis we spent a total of eight nights at the casablanca in august , with a break in washington in between .
we wanted to stay somewhere that had a different atmosphere than standard four and five star hotels we usually stay in for work .
we were not disappointed .
it became our home away from home ! it was a fantastic location for our first stay in new york ( next door to times square , only two blocks from 5th avenue , three minutes walk to the tour buses , subway and broadway , and a short stroll to the restaurant strip ) .
the 1st floor lounge was our 'oasis ' from the hustle and bustle of new york at the end of a long day?? exploring ( the popcorn was excellent ! ) , and the people there were always friendly and happy to help .
at our first stint there , we stayed in the standard queen sized room ? ? a little cramped , but that?? ok because we spent most of the time exploring new york anyway .
at our second stint ( after washington ) we stayed in a king room ? ? much better sized , very comfortable and not that much more expensive .
the bathrooms were cramped but we understand that?? standard for new york .
tony 's restaurant next door was very handy , and they even delivered to our room the night we stayed in to watch the emmys .
when we look back at our holiday in new york , we always include the casablanca hotel as one of the key reasons we enjoyed it so much .
we?? highly recommend it to any traveller .
loved it stayed at the casablanca hotel 9th to 15th october .
could 'nt be in a better position right next to times sq .
although the hotel is very near to times sq you do not hear a thing when you are in the hotel .
we had a back room with no view but although it was a bit dark in there we could not hear any of the outside traffic .
breakfast was good , bagels .
croisants , cereal , fruit , fruit juices , coffee , tea etc . cheese and wine was a nice start to the evening or in our case a sit down with our shoes off after a long day out .
rooms were excellent , nice shower rooms - all very new looking .
staff were very helpful .
do not book your bus tickets with the desk as we had a lot of trouble when we got into times square to try a pay the balance .
go early to empire state building it gets very busy . . would recommend the walking tours in central park , they gave us a lot of info that we would 'nt have got from the guide books .
all in all we had a great time and would definetely go to this hotel as it is right in the heart of everything - most places in walking distance .
excellent staff and location we 've just got back from our first trip to new york , which i booked as a surprise for my husband 's 30th birthday and all in all i was happy with my choice of the casablanca .
the service we received at the hotel really made the difference .
the staff could not have been more helpful .
i emailed in advance to let them know it was my husband 's birthday and when we arrived they sent a bottle of champagne and some cheese and crackers up to our room , which was a really nice touch .
the guys at reception suggested a lovely restaurant to go ( blue fin ) on my husband 's birthday , and sorted us out with reservations for wherever we wanted . the rooms were small and quite claustrophobic , but clean and the bathroom was well presented .
we were woken up by the noise of building works across the street , but then we were suffering from jet lag and probably would not have heard it normally .
besides which you will have to expect some noise bearing in mind the location on times square .
that is the other major advantage of this hotel - great location for shopping , sightseeing etc etc .
i did feel the hotel was quite pricey , but that is in comparison to other cities and having not stayed in any other hotels in new york i ca not comment .
the hotel is certainly not top end luxury , but if you want to receive excellent service , stay somewhere nice and have a great location , i would recommend it .
great little place if you are looking for a ultra modern hotel , this is not it .
what it is , is a quaint little hotel in an excellent location .
everything was wonderful , from the continental breakfast to the wine and cheese in the evening to the wonderfully helpful staff .
my only complaint would be the pillow in our room .
my husband found it completely fine , but i found it a bit hard and too high .
no big deal . . . it did not break my trip .
great wee hotel in a great location stayed here for three nights in july 2006.
a small hotel just round the corner from times sq . small but comfortable room and no noise issues despite being so central . excellent breakfast and loved the fact that there was free food and nibbles throughout the day . it felt a very homely hotel as opposed to the faceless efficiency of the large corporate hotels .
pleasant and very helpful staff . it really made the trip that bit more special and gave one the feeling of having discovered a new york secret .
would not hesitate to recommend this hotel .
oasis of calm we enjoyed our stay at the cassablanca very much .
the highlights were : - the location is perfect , literally meters from the middle of time square .
this did freak us out the first couple of times we left the hotel though as it is so peaceful and calming in the hotel , and then suddenly you are thrust into the total assult on the senses which is time square in 2 or 3 steps ! ! - very friendly and helpful staff - delightful breakfasts - the cheese and wine that was available in the afternoon .
this was very thoughtful and turned into a bit of a highlight of the day . -
stylish and interesting decorated room only negative against our stay , was a very noisy aircon unit in the room which did get annoying after a while . other than that , full marks .
i 'd certainly return when choosing a new york hotel , i was almost put off by this one 's casablanca theme but it is not as cheesy as it sounds and it does help ensure that the decor is stylish and well - maintained .
the location is brilliant , a stone 's throw from times square and subway stations .
the downside is that it can be noisy , but no - one goes to new york for the peace and quiet , i suppose .
however , i 'd definitely request a room at the back next time .
the rooms are not large but comfortable .
the free buffet breakfast provides a better than average start to the day and the round - the - clock coffee etc is a real treat .
have stayed here and at elysee ( sister hotel ) 6 times in 2 years - great we have stayed at the casablanca 5 times in the last 2 years , finding it to be just the right spot from which to go to shows in the theatre district and wander up to the museum district or down to soho ( albeit in a taxi ) .
while the rooms are not grand in size and some air conditioners can be a bit half - hearted in very hot weather ( i . e .
august ) , they are quite adequate when one considers that the 2nd floor lounge is always available for sitting around with coffee and newspapers etc .
this place is a haven for nyc ( as is same at l 'elysee , which can provide somewhat larger rooms and an east - side location near museums ) .
the continental breakfast is varied and abundant .
the cheese , snacks and wine plus coffee , tea or hot chocolate are always welcome afternoons , with usually some left after the theatre .
some of the time there is a pianist in the lounge area just off the breakfast bar area . i find it difficult to imagine why anyone would say the staff are indifferent .
we have always found them all to be quite pleasant . . .
and folks with whom we 've talked at breakfast or in the lounge have all been equally positive . .
. of course , if one is unfriendly toward them , perhaps they would respond differently , i do not know .
the manager , joe , is most always around and stops to talk with guests to be sure things are going well .
he 's on top of everything and a friendly person . last month , because of a request by friends we were meeting in manhattan , we stayed at another , larger and well - rated hotel .
yes , the room was somewhat larger and it had two large chairs ; but , the a/c was not operating as it would have made folks on the 15th floor and below too cold .
the suggestion was that i should open the window of the 39th floor room . . .
which was pretty much stuck .
this kind of treatment would not happen at the casablanca in our individual experience as a couple .
perhaps people who ca not stand walking through the malay ( meaning melee '? ) of times square to get to the theatre and restaurant areas might be happier in hotels that charge more like $600 - $800 or more per night and are in more prestigious areas .
they do exist and they are not bad at all . . .
just a taxi ride or somewhat long walk to the theatre district . we 're headed back to manhattan again in september and november and definitely will be booking at the casablanca .
we find it more pleasant than the 4 seasons where we recently spent 5 nights ( though not in nyc ) . . .
it 's just a matter of atmosphere , i suppose .
so , if you want location , a reasonable manhattan tariff , ( parking next door if you need it ) , an included continental breakfast spread plus cheese , wine etc . at other times along with what we , as constant travelers , found to be a friendly set of staff members , this is a good bet for you .
admittedly , they are not like the staffs at an inclusive resort on a remote fiji island , but this is new york city , many of them are/or recently were coming from an eastern european country where english was not the language , and they 've always been helpful and friendly to us and to others we know who 've stayed there .
excellet little hotel at a very good price the casablanca has a very romantic feel , plus the location is great ! !
we booked it on [ - - - - - - - - - - - - - -]and got a great deal , even though it is located right by times square .
once inside the hotel is very quiet .
if you are looking for a small intimate boutique looking hotel with a great location to go out for dinner , drinks or just to walk around , i greatly recommend this hotel .
we previously stayed at the marriott in times square and hated the large , corporate feel .
what a pleasant surprise !
the only downside is the room size - small - but it always very clean and quaint looking with very nice , updated bathrooms .
this is now the place i go to in nyc when i want to treat myself to a special weekend .
an oasis steps away from times square !
this was our second visit to the casablanca and whenever we need a hotel room in new york this is where it will be .
not for us the sterile and impersonal chain hotels , here you are treated as an individual . . . a guest .
from the moment we arrived we felt at home .
of course the wine and cheese and champagne reception six nights a week isnt the only reason why i want to return !
there is the friendly staff who go out of their way to give you directions , recommend restaurants , and help make the trip what you want it to be .
the breakfast of bagels , various cereals , cream cheese , fruits , eggs , different teas and coffees etc etc is plentiful and staff go out of their way to try and find your favourites_the cinnamon and raisin bagel for me !
the lady serving even remembered my daughter and i from last year ! the rooms are small as you would expect in new york and so are some of the bathrooms .
i have learnt a bathroom in the double bedded room is smaller than the king bedded .
but nevertheless it is adequate .
lighting too could be a bit brighter but then my daughter needed it for studying . the rest of the hotel has such character and we love the lounge especially with its all day help yourself service of coffee , tea , iced water , fruits , cookies etc . fantastic when you have come in thirsty with aching feet from a hard days shopping !
and of course the free internet which was well used . and all this literally steps away from times square .
my message to the owners : dont change a thing about the character and staff of this hotel !
you have a real gem here .
welcoming , comfortble , relaxing this hotel is everything the reviews say it is , so i wont simply repeat the other comments .
the thing that places it above other hotels ( some more expensive ) i have stayed in in new york is how comfortable and relaxed i felt there , especially after returning from a long day 's activities .
i do not tend to sit in hotel lounges , but i did sit in this one .
because of the smaller size , you were on greeting terms with other guests , and to sit in the lounge for a glass of wine , or coffee/pastries was a pleasant and sociable experience .
you could socialise with other guests , or just sit and plan your next day , read the newspapers , look up the internet , or catch up with emails .
although i said i would not repeat the main comments from other guests , it would not be right to sign off without some praise for the staff - not just the reception staff , but those looking after the lounge area and food , and the housekeeping staff as well .
great little hidden gem just off times square my wife goes to nyc twice a year on business and discovered this hotel several years ago .
although i 've been to nyc a least a dozen times , this was my first stay at the casablanca .
first the good - fantastic location ( once you 're inside ca not even tell the chaos of times square is just steps away ) , a wonderful light breakfast , all day cookies and coffee , nightly wine ( except sun ) from 5 - 8, a terrific staff , free dvds ( each room has a dvd player ) , and in the lounge area a big screen tv and pc with free internet access .
now , the not quite as good - quite probably the most uncomfortable bed i 've ever slept on , bad plumbing ( could hear the pipes going throughout the day ) , and small rooms in need of a little tlc .
overall i would give the hotel a very good - it 's a little pricey but i remember my wife was paying 100 dollars less per night a few years ago .
by todays standards , it 's reasonable with all the extras .
great little hotel in the heart of times square arrived at the casablanca hotel on fri 18th nov 2005 at about 4pm for five nights .
our room (505 ( booked through expedia ) ) was better than expected and of a size which , while not large , was more than adiquate for the rate we payed .
room was very clean and tidy with a t . v . , dvd player , mini bar , safe , iron and ironing board .
bed was very comfy and air conditioning unit worked well ( but was a little loud ) .
bathroom was well equipped and clean with lots of free groming products .
hotel aminities were all very clean and tidy with the second floor breakfast room/rick 's cafe being an excelent place to relax with complimentary drinks/pasteries after a long day sightseeing or shopping .
the location of this hotel was amazing , being just 50 yards from the heart of times square and a major metro station at the end of the street .
the staff were very frendly , helpfull and polite and we could not have wished for a better base for our first visit to the big apple .
great hotel and location stayed 5 nights at the casablanca and enjoyed the hotel , the staff and the location .
there is a 2nd floor lounge that served continental breakfast , all day cookies and coffee and evening wine and cheese .
it was great !
the location for theatre going was perfect .
i was initially booked into room 308 which was extremely noisy due to the ventilation system from the next door building but i asked to be moved and was accomodated quite willingly .
i moved to a room on the inside courtyard which was much quieter . i would highly recommend this hotel .
4th time at this lovely hotel the staff is the secret of this pleasant , small hotel .
i do not know where these polite , helpful , personable people come from , but they are the casablanca 's secret weapon .
the wonderful former manager is gone , but the new one also cares about the guest experience .
yes , the rooms are small .
that 's it - my criticism ends right there .
they ca not make the rooms bigger , so if you need more space , than go to a different hotel .
i have stayed at fancier , pricier , more luxurious , hipper boutique hotels ( with much larger rooms ! ) but at many , i feel like i am always feeding the meter - - with 20 dollar bills - - to get the kind of service and attitude i found at this hotel .
( yes , i tipped individuals and left a gratuity envelope for the front desk as well as one for housekeeping . )
my husband and i spent a week at the casablanca .
four family members ( staying elsewhere ) , including 2 well - behaved children , came over at all hours to pick us up or collapse into a chair at the end of the day before going to the theater .
they ate a few cookies , drank a couple of glasses of wine , tea , milk  water according to age and preference .
at check out , i offered to pay for what they had consumed , but my offer was declined .
the casablanca people got me theater tickets , recommended decent and appropriate restaurants , handled an important fax and kept a sharp eye on everyone coming in the front door .
this was my 4th time staying there and i anticipate the 5th soon .
business trip , very satisfied , lots of free extras !
i was pleasantly pleased with this hotel for my trip to ny .
the breakfast buffet was free , nice selection not just pastries .
the wireless internet was free , and the cheese and wine buffet in the evening was free and excellent !
i have stayed at many chain hotels in manhattan , and this one was very clean , nice decor , great value , and great location .
even though it 's a few steps from times square , my room was very quiet .
a nice landing pad from which to explore new york i stayed at the hotel casablanca for a business trip on the recommendation of other tripadvisors .
on previous trips , i had stayed at the paramount .
comparatively , the casablanca rooms are spacious .
the service i received was absolutely impeccable .
only 3 negatives , and these are fairly minor but worth mentioning : they were having trouble with the high speed internet access , but i was able to plug my cable in at the lounge .
i also could not get reception on my cell phone unless i stepped outside .
thirdly , i had a view of a wall from my window grin .
however , if you are like me and more interested in seeing new york than your hotel room , this is an awesome place to stay - a nice landing pad .
the rooms were clean , the service great ( i ca not emphasize this enough ! ) , all my requests were met ( ice was brought quickly every time i requested it , and the mini - bar was emptied so i could use it as a fridge ) , the beds were exceptionally comfortable , the soaps and shampoos smelled heavenly , and the breakfast/snack room was really useful .
plus , the location absolutely ca not be beat . i 'm reluctant to say any more good things , since that will only make them harder to book next time .
four star service with a smile !
my mother and i stayed at the casablanca last weekend to celebrate her retirement .
i 'd never heard of this place before reading the mostly positive reviews on this site and prayed that my experience would be just as good .
no worries , as it turned out .
the casablanca is truly a gem of a boutique hotel with warmth and service that some of its more lofty neighbors should take note of . check - in was exceptionally fast and pleasant .
the folks manning the front desk and door ( tom , nick , peter , and leon . . . you 're the best ! ! ! ) seem to wear many other hats .
but i 've never seen a group of people who seem to enjoy their jobs and helping their guests to have an even better time .
they did not just greet you at check - in and check - out .
they 'd ask how we were doing in between and often asked if we needed anything . wow .
there are some 4- star places uptown where i had to chase staff down for help .
not here . rick 's cafe is wonderful . . . spacious , relaxing , and informal with a large - screen tv , a pc discreetly placed in the corner so that you can surf the web , and some of the best , extra - dry champagne that i 've tasted .
by the way , the champagne , wines , coffees , teas , pastries and cookies are all free . i just kicked back and watched the us open totally contented !
the deluxecontinental breakfast ( no extra charge ) was also very nice with warm hard boiled eggs and fresh fruits along with the normal pastries , yogurts , juices , coffee and tea . another thing that stood out . . . many of the guests are repeat customers .
i ran into a guy in the elevator from la who comes once a month and is perfectly happy to look nowhere else .
we met a wonderful couple from the uk who and a lady from florida ( with her mom ) who seemed to share the same thought about the casablanca .
loyalty . . . pretty telling . we had a queen room in #608 and the place was very clean with a lovely , larger than i expected bathroom and really nice toiletries .
true , we had a view of another building .
but with the way we were treated , who cares ! if you really want to be treated as a welcome guest and want cleanliness , exceptional service , the casablanca is a good value for your money .
i 'lldefinitely be back .
customer service is great stayed here in march 2005.
very accommodating staff .
great that times square is right around the corner yet at night it is quiet .
not much of a view from the room .
fairly small room .
in the winter a complaint is that you ca not control your room heat .
way too hot for us .
the complimentary continental breakfast was very nice .
seems a place more for older people , maybe retired age .
kind of a formal atmosphere .
nice place but liked the courtyard manhattan times square better .
perfect location ; wonderful experience !
discovered the casablance online , read the reviews contained herein , booked accommodations for three nights beginning 12/22/04, and had a terrific experience ! the staff could not have been more pleasant and helpful .
we especially like the smaller hotels and thoroughly enjoyed the availability of breakfast , wine/cheese later in the day , and constant light beverages and fruit at any time . our room did not front the street , and the hotel was not full , so we had a quiet and peaceful experience we which prefer .
however , we would question the soundproof room descriptions offered in their ads . we had two very insignificant problems which were handled right away .
our room did have drawers , good tv reception , nice bathroom with normal amenities and robes , chocolates and water .
the rooms may seem small compared to other american chain hotels , but not necessarily by nyc standards , unless much higher prices are paid . we would suggest better pillows and lighting , but all in all , the experience was so good that we will definitely choose the casablanca again !
clean and reasonable my husband and i stayed here while in town to attend a concert .
we had chosen the hotel based on reviews here and their website as we were looking for a smaller european style hotel .
the staff was very friendly .
the room was small - but not by new york standards - we 've stayed in smaller for more $$$ - but above all clean .
the cafe/lounge with its free wine , cheese , snacks and espresso was very pleasant . we are both well travelled and picky and we would stay here again !
i loved this adorable hotel !
i stayed here for a week on a business trip and for a convention .
since the hotels recommended through the convention were all booked , i found this cute hotel on this web site .
i thoroughly enjoyed my stay .
it 's wonderful to have the friendly ( and good looking ) gentlemen greeting me at the door everytime .
their service was sweet and genuine .
they were also very helpful with my several packages that i had delivered there . the lounge area with the continental breakfast was very nice as well as the wine and cheese they also had there in the evening .
it was a relaxing place to get to after the craziness of dealing with the crowds in times square . i recommend requesting a room in the back of the hotel and away from the front windows since the street can be loud .
this way you 'd never know that you were right next to times square . the rooms are small , which is typical , but they are clean and the bathrooms are large considering the rooms . overall i 'd stay here again in a second if i had to stay in the times square area . enjoy ! laura jacobs 
economically speaking . . . my 3rd stay in nyc was at the casablanca .
i was booked for the casablanca once before , but due to low water pressure was re - routed to a sister hotel , the library hotel ( very , very nice , btw ) .
casablanca was very convenient to times square .
rooms were smaller and less ornate than at others i 've stayed , although very clean .
the 24- hr lounge area is probably the best feature .
some mix - up with our reservation caused our card to get charged twice , but this was remedied pretty quickly by friendly desk staff .
economically speaking , the casablanca is a good deal only if you do not mind working through a few booking snafus .
great hotel . . . .however , after months of research , i picked the casablanca for my first trip to nyc .
i was impressed initially with the wonderful response from the staff when booking and calling with questions prior to my stay .
the hotel did not disappoint , it was in a great location , the evening staff was amazing , and the lounge was a perfect place to start and end the day .
there is a bit of wear and tear in the rooms and we had some minor repairs needed , but very clean .
however , as mentioned in a few other reviews , even confirmed reservations do not gurantee a room .
we were scheduled to arrive saturday , may 1st and i got a call april 27 telling us that we would have to be moved due to water damage .
as i had read previous postings here , i was somewhat skeptical and called to protest .
i was told the entire 6th floor had to be moved due to water damage and carpets needing to be replaced .
they were going to move us several blocks away to a ramada inn .
however , after much argument and realizing we were staying not just one day , but 5 ( i had to book two different type rooms due to availability ) , the story changed and our room was guranteed .
interesting enough , the day we arrived , we were talking to a group of ladies on a tour who were all staying on the 6th floor .
they reported their rooms were just fine .
another guest later in the week was relocated for the weekend due to electrical damage .
and a final inquiry on my last day there plaster damage was mentioned .
so i am in agreement with an earlier review that this hotel does indeed overbook despite their assurances that there really were problems .
i would recommend arriving during the middle of the week to help ensure not getting bumped on a busy weekend .
i would love to stay again and would recommend the hotel , but would always be hesitant that i might be kicked out at the last minute .
might be in anyones best interest to have a back up plan .
but if you can get in , it 's a great place to stay .
i truly wish i had not had the problems i did , as it tends to cast a bit of disappointment on the entire stayand prevents me form recommending it 100% .
good value at the chancellor i was in san francisco for a conference and had a lovely stay at the chancellor .
i am female and was travelling alone but felt perfectly safe in this hotel .
the rooms are not plush but are tastefully decorated with proper duvets , tvs , little bowls of sweets etc .
the bathrooms are tiny but very nice with good , hot showers .
the free tea and coffee - and free wifi in the rooms - are nice touches .
the best thing about this hotel is the location - right on union square .
i did not eat at the restaurant ( it 's worth queuing at the famous dottie 's true blue cafe round the corner for brunch ! ) , so ca not comment on that .
great city hotel the chancellor was a great place to stay in the city .
right in the middle of union square we were far enough away from the wharf and other high tourist areas , but everything was still so close !
it was nice because it was relatively quite at night since the stores were all closed .
we are from cleveland so the time change had us up at 6:00.
no worries though - one morning we beat the rush of the sears fine foods ( right next door to the hotel  definitely worth a stop ) for breakfast ( one morning there was a pretty long line at about 9am ) and then we caught the cable cars with the locals as soon as it started its run - i think around 7ish ? ?
the hotel was a nice stopping ground , but if you are someone who likes to spend time in your room i would be a little cautious - the rooms are pretty small .
this was perfect for us and the right price .
we would definitely stay at the chancellor on our next trip to the city .
great location and value great location central to downtown sf .
cable car stops right at the corner .
easy walking to many restaurants and attractions . comfortable and clean rooms .
free wifi in room .
decent restaurant for breakfast and bar in lobby .
friendly and courteous staff .
great hotel in great location we stayed at the chancellor hotel for 4 night at the start of our california trip .
the reception staff were very friendly and helpful .
we had asked for a high floor and got it and we had side views of union square .
the room was nice but very warm in the evening and would have been better with air conditioning .
the bar staff were friendly , drink prices were reasonable . and
there was a good atmosphere .
cookies and coffee were available all day .
we did not have a car when we stayed at the chancellor and we did not need one .
the location was ideal , right at the corner of union square and opposite the cable car stop .
we managed to get around the city by cable car , walking and the hop on hop off bus .
we would definately go back to the chancellor hotel .
good choice for san francisco just off union square on powell st , the hotel is right in the centre of the action but seemed quite quiet in terms of streat noise .
our initial room was large with a very comfortable bed , nice bathroom and free wi fi .
after some noise problems with an adjoining room , we were upgraded to their best suite and the staff were very apologetic .
neither room had any shower gel , just soap and shampoo/conditioner .
reception had free coffee and cookies in the morning and afternoon which was welcome .
borders book shop next door excellent source of maps .
we were trying to keep meal costs down but enjoyed two good quality meals just around the corner on mason street at lori 's diner , a 50's themed diner and at cafe mason . . . the later had an excellent loin of pork , with vegetables and rice for about eight pounds .
beers seem to be around 2.50 for a bottle , whatever your tipple . if you have the time . . . get across to tiburon on the other side of the bay . . . $18 round trip . . . it 's a peaceful haven with super views back to sf and the ferry goes right past alcatraz to boot . final hint - buy the local muni card . . . $18 for three days unlimited local transport including the touristy cable cars .
just starting to lose some of its lustre i 've stayed at the chancellor a couple of times , and for the first time i was slightly disappointed .
i should point out the positives of the hotel still vastly out - weigh the negatives : the location , the quality of staff , the sweets and cookies etc . are all reasons why i would recommend the chancellor to someone who wanted to stay in downtown san francisco .
however , i would now have to issue a couple of caveats to that recommendation , and that the hotel is just beginning to look a little bit tired . . . for example , when we went into our room , the first sight of the bathroom was not pleasant , with a bath - tub that had definitely seen better days to the extent that we decided to have showers during our stay .
i know wes will read this , so i hope he takes this as constructed criticism from someone who genuinely likes this hotel - i would just like to point out to him that with some small investments in certain areas - redecorating the bathrooms , improving the tvs would not go amiss .
good hotel - excellent location we stayed at the chancellor for 3 nights whilst sightseeing in san francisco .
the hotel is in an excellent location , just off union square .
one of the terminus points for the powell - hyde cable car line was only about 5 minutes walk from the hotel .
riding this cable car is an easy and fun way to get to the fishermans wharf and pier 39 areas .
if shopping is your thing , there are many , many shops and department stores within a few blocks of the hotel .
our room was well - presented , clean and of a decent size .
the only real problem was the lack of air conditioning in the room ; this was no surprise as the hotel 's website makes clear that a/c is not available .
it was very hot during some of our stay in san francisco and the room 's ceiling fan was not really up to keeping the room cool . tea , coffee and cookies are available free - of - charge in the hotel lobby .
breakfast was not included in the price of our room .
there is a restaurant within the hotel .
we ate breakfast there one morning , which was ok but a little expensive .
good value , good location very close to union square , which is good in terms of convenience , but bad in terms of noise ( beggars ) .
hotel offers good value accommodation in reasonably - sized rooms .
could do with a bit more sound - proofing between the rooms though . . . . .
ca not beat the location or price the rooms at this hotel are small but we honestly we were never there , other than to sleep , and the beds were comfortable and the showers were adequate .
the location is suberb .
you can essentially step out the front door and onto a cable car .
we would love to stay here again but we are not sure how this would work out for a family .
now there are four of us !
great location great location for the price .
in union square close to everything .
clean , not expensive , friendly , if your looking for a good place where to sleep in sa , it 's perfect .
clean and convinient , that 's all !
very helpful staff the hotel is in a great position , not noisy but central , and the staff were really helpful .
i had trouble using the wireless broadband , the guy on reception did not no how to solve it but quickly offered a work round ( a cable and an ethernet socket in the bar ) .
( no one else had any difficulty with it , my pc worked elsewhere - very strange ) .the only minor negative was the size of the rooms but i am about to book another stay so clearly that was not a major issue .
loved the chancellor ioved the pleasant soothing decor of the room , overlooking union square .
it had a ceiling fan , was cool and you could open the window .
there was lots of room and the bathroom though small was very cleverly arranged .
the only negative for me was the smell in the lobby as another reviewer mentioned .
i have a nose like a sniffer dog ( my husband says ) and i tracked it down to the popcorn dispenser .
i happen to hate the smell of popcorn , so maybe it was ok for those raised on that smell .
i would suggest relocating the dispenser , to remove the smell which is a bit of a surprise to us foreigers , in particular .
the staff were delightful and always pleasant and helpful .
reviews are right on for this one we stayed at the cancellor hotel in july during part of our honeymoon .
the reviews on this website are right on spot regarding the hotel .
the hotel is older and the rooms are smaller but very clean and the staff is very helpful .
they made our honeymoon special with champagne and a gift in our room at check in .
on a side note , we loved the restaurant next door for breakfast called sears .
awesome location , great price this hotel is smack dab in union square , which is a perfect location for a tourist to san fran .
although the room is very small , it is cozy and well decorated in soothing greens and browns .
the room overall is very functional , with a very large closet so your bags do not overwhelm the room .
the bathroom is also tiny , but well decorated in small tiles and a deep soaking tub .
the place overall was extremely clean , and so relaxing and charming ( it is a very old/historic hotel ) .
it was so fun to roll out of bed and be in the middle of it all , and the staff was accomodating and very friendly .
the cleaning crew cleaned in the afternoon unless you put a sign up requesting early cleaning , which was very nice . although the place was wonderful overall , it was slightly noisy since you are right in union square , and during our stay there was some construction right across the street .
we were never bothered by the noise , though , unless the windows were open .
the walls are slightly thin , and although not generally a problem because it attracts a pretty quiet clientele , we did have to ask the person on his cell phone next to us to keep it down at 4 a . m .
the bathroom is not well - ventilated , so they ask that you keep the window open while you shower , which is slightly awkward to get to and has no curtain .
the window is small , however , and tucked back over the toilet .
there is also no heat in the hotel , so you must use a stand alone radiator , which works okay , but not great .
this was only a problem a couple nights since we had unusually cold weather .
the lobby also smells slightly moldy , which several people noted during our stay .
these were the only cons about the place and were honestly very minor in comparison to how great the place was . for the price , this place was fantastic and i would recommend it again in a heartbeat !
great location stayed at the chancellor for 6 nights .
it 's location is ideal for seeing the city .
you are right on union square and are close to all public transportation options . the onsite restaurant was a good option for breakfast and we found it better than a few of the breakfast spots within a few blocks of the hotel ( sears , lori 's diner ) .the room was clean and a good size for two people .
our room was on the front of the hotel and there was a bit of noise from powell street but the hotel was nice enough to provide a white noise machine .
this made sleeping very easy . i 'd stay here again in a heartbeat - excellent location , great value and great staff .
well , sf is pricey .
however , i believe the chancellor is a decent option within the under $200 range .
yes , the rooms are rather small , and the decor not as fresh as one would like .
but it clean , and the location is probably one of the best in the union square area .
so , the chancellor is a very decently priced option in the union square area , if you do not plan on spending too much time in the ( smallish ) room with the cable cars ringing outside .
would stay again in a heartbeat after being in countless hotels , it was a delight to be in hotel where the room walls are not all white and the room has some charm !
i adored the painted green wall  the green chairs .
it added some life to the room  made it feel very cozy . it was a very chilly sf summer during my stay  the heat could have been better in the room .
luckily there was a portable heater in the closet .
friendly staff , comfy room , clean and a great view .
btw , if you 're not used to city noise , ask for a room in the back .
i got trolley noise which was fine by me but i 'm sure others would not be happy .
location , location , location the location directly on the powell cable car line is very convenient to many attractions .
and it is just uphill from and beyond the noisy crowds of market street .
the rooms were very clean , nicely appointed , and rather small .
complimentary coffee , cookies and newspapers in the lobby were appreciated .
staff were polite , professional and helpful .
it would be nice to have a view - but hotels offering that tend to charge twice the price .
besides , there is plently to view outside : san franscisco is not the place to hole up in a hotel room all day !
we enjoyed our stay at the chancellor in early june of this year my wife and i stayed at the chancellor hotel , union square , san fran .
our stay was quite comfortable notwithstanding that the room was a little tight compared with other hotels that we had been staying at during our holidays in canada and the usa .
this minor issue was more than compensated for by the location , price and friendliness of the staff .
we had breakfast at the hotel dining room each day and found it to be excellent .
the eggs creole - benedict were particularly great and i must e - mail the hotel to see if i can get the recipe .
the young man who was holding down the tour shop for his mother in the hotel foyer was very helpful and the young lady who served behind the bar was also very pleasant .
whilst we were in san fran i took the opportunity to visit the coit tower on telegraph hill and was pleasantly surprised to note that the chancellor had sponsored one of the brick steps leading up to the tower , something the reception staff at the hotel was unaware of .
all in all we would stay at the chancellor again when in san fran and recommend it to other travellers who are looking for reasonable digs without having to go over the top with costs .
incidently , we chose the chancellor after reading reviews on trip advisor and were not disappointed .
great location a location that ca not be beaten in sf .
staying for four nights we upgraded to one of the hotels two suites which were right at the top of the hotel and therefore pretty quite .
staff great from check in to check out and were a mine of information .
room service was very good and the free bottle of wine on arrival as it was my wifes birthday was very nice . one note of caution the hotel does not have air con which was fine for us but may be of concern to some .
fun little hotel i stayed at the chancellor with my grown daughter because we had just 2 days and wanted to shop and sightsee .
i picked it because the reviews were so great , and i really loved it .
you ca not beat the location , and the parking set - up worked well for us , since we had a car with us .
we left it in the garage most of the time and used the cable car in front of the hotel .
mostly we walked . the room was very small , as was the bathroom , but it was so clean , cute , and neat that we were fine with it .
we had been warned through tripadvisor reviews that the rooms were small .
best of all was the service !
everyone was just real friendly and very helpful .
we had a blast ! highly recommend beach blanket babylon if you can get tickets .
what a great stay !
as usual , i used trip advisor as my final decision when selecting a hotel for our long weekend getaway in san francisco .
wonderful staff , great location , great room .
there are so many options for public transportation within steps of the hotel .
on our last day in town , it was raining and the complimentary umbrella came in handy .
of course , the rubber ducky was a cute touch to the room decor !
i would stay at the chancellor again , hands down !
perfect for us never having been to san francisco , we relied heavily on such reviews as this for guidance .
we were very pleased with our choice of the chancellor .
when booking , i inquired about any special rates they were offering , and they generously extended a special winter rate , even though it was due to expire before our arrival .
the rooms were very clean and the beds extremely comfortable .
the breakfast at the hotel restaurant was exquisite !
the location was perfect for getting around easily , and the bell hops were extremely helpful and also very pleasant to talk to and get advice .
our local newspaper had recently listed the chancellor as a best kept secret in sf and they were right !
even though we were in the front , there was little or no street noise .
we checked out on may 13, apparently before the heat wave , so i ca not comment on the lack of ac , however , our windows did open a crack , if necessary .
the tv was average , no big screen , however , we came here to site see , not watch tv ! !
i would highly recommend this hotel as extremely comfortable , very clean , chic decor , excellent service , great food , good location .
the bar was not large , however , in the evening we always found other travelers from around the globe to visit and share stories with . the little restaurant nextdoor was also excellent , sears .
right across the street is the drake , where we walked over and had a drink in the starlight room overlooking the city and had dinner at the great italian restaurant in the lobby of the drake .
all in all , a very comfortable and chic boutique hotel . joe and lisabirmingham , michigan 
small but comfortable we were there the hottest weekend ever ! ! ! ! going there , we knew the hotel would be a small boutique hotel and would be w/o air conditioning .
we did not know how hot it would be tho .
having said that , we were still comfortable enough when going to sleep .
luckily , we had the quieter rooms in the back and were able to sleep with the windows open for fresh , cooler air .
little city noise but did not we mind that .
we are after all in the heart of the city .
our room did not have a view but we were out all day so that did not bother us at all .
i love the fact that we were able to walk everywhere cuz trying to hail down a cab was not an easy task .
bell guy , matt , was able to hail a cab for us in front of the hotel , but to hail down a cab in the city was near to impossible .
but with the central location of the hotel walking in any direction was safe and easy .
the staff , from the front desk associates , to the bar tenders , to bell men , and to the nice lady at the tour desk , could not have been friendlier or more helpful .
pretty good but . . . .
i booked based on reviews on this site .
there are hundreds of hotels in sf , and i thought : #5 on the list means it 's a good hotel !
in all , pretty good !
however . . . this is definitely a 3*** hotel , so be aware of that .
it 's like a nice - ified day 's inn .
totally do - able , but it definitely is not in the same category as the marriott or even many of the boutique hotels nearby .
i felt like this hotel was 'charming ' in the european type of way .
if i were in france , i 'd love this hotel .
but , being from la , and having tried many many hotels in sf , this one is just above average , not really deserving ( imho ) of being #5 of the tripadvisor list . that said , it is a good hotel .
i have been to sf numerous times , and always like to try new hotels since there are so many .
chancellor is indeed in a great location - 1/2 a block from union square , and right on the powell cable car line .
for vacationers , the location really ca not be beat .
service was great - very friendly and courteous .
room was clean and i liked the bright green decor and the pillows .
for the price ( i booked a king for $160) , i would prefer something like hotel diva around the corner .
very nice stay . . .
we very much enjoyed staying at the chancellor hotel . the room was very clean and modern .
it was not luxurious , but for the price it was great .
the staff were very helpful and friendly , as were the housekeeping staff .
we had a room that faced powell street , and it was crazy noisy , so if you are a light sleeper , i 'd not recommend getting a room facing that direction .
we did not mind the noise ourselves , and were not really in the room all that much to worry about it considering how awesome the location is , there is tons to do until all hours of the night .
tip : ask for the memory foam pillows instead of the ones on the bed , we slept like logs on them .
( they actually offer a 'pillow menu ', so take advantage and sleep on what you like ! ! ! ) make sure to bring your own toiletries , they do not provide spa ones like alot of hotels .
( shampoo and bar soap , thats it . )
very nice stayed here for one night on our arrival to the city .
we had a very early flight and arrived around noon sf time .
i had already called ahead to see if we could get an early check in and they said they would see what they could do .
we arrived promplty at noon and front desk checked us in directly to our room .
the room was small which was expected .
it was very clean and the bed was extremely comfortable .
really appreciated the extra touches the hotel makes to make the stay memorable .
thank you !
great location we stayed here as part of a 50th birthday celebration for my husband .
the hotel is in a great location for san francisco sight seeing and right by the shops !
the rooms are small by american standards but very comfortable . the service is great and wes the manager even arranged a bottle of fizz and a gift for my husband - san francisco is of course a lovely city to stay in and the hotel made it even better !
what a find !
after extensive ( ! ! ) research on trip adviser we chose the chancellor based on the rating and reviews - and it was defintely the right choice - location is fantastic , the cable car passes the door , bart and muni a few blocks walk and a muni pass is such good value that its a necessity !
right from check in the staff were helpful and friendly , and i really felt it was genuine !
our room was on the 4th floor , not huge but had everything we needed , bed was amazingly comfortable .
i 'm a very light sleeper and i didnt have any problems with street noise , even tho we faced the street , in fact once we 'd moved on to the next leg of our trip i missed the background noise of the cable cars passing !
the hotel is not a modern , anonymous chain - it is a great example of a traditional san francisco hotel which has history and charm , unique touches like the rubber duck and cookies and popcorn in the lobby set it apart , and after visiting both the mark hopkins and the fairmont we saw that they were both in a similar 'classic ' style to the chancellor , but the chancellor is half the price ! there is so much to see and do in san francisco , one day we viewed cityscapes from the top of the coit tower in the morning and in the afternoon dipped our toes in the pacific ocean at the beach !
its also nice to get out of the city - we did a wine trip to the napa valley which was a fab experience !
easily found and booked online before we went - the company was called wine country shuttles .
also , for a romantic evening watch the sunset over the city from the top of the mark , with a glass of locally produced domaine chandon ! we 'd highly reccomend the chancellor , and look forward to visiting it , and san francisco again !
it really is as good as everyone says !
spent the weekend there .
it was all the positive things ever said about it .
clean , convenient , friendly , perfect location and excellent price .
ca not wait to go back .
great location in san francisco we stayed at the chancellor for 3 nights in marchl .
it was everything that previous guests have stated .
great location - very central for shopping , eating and getting around .
front desk staff were helpful when asking for directions/bus or tram stops .
there is a great diner next door where we had breakfast during our stay - sorry , we did not eat in the hotel so ca not comment .
the rooms are small , but look exactly as the photo 's posted on this site and are clean and comfortable .
bathroom is small , but clean .
if you come to sf there is so much to do and see , you are not going to be in your room that much .
it 's a perfect place to crash , drop off your shopping , have a rest and then back out there ! no , it 's not a luxury hotel , but you are not paying luxury prices - go to the four seasons if that 's what you want .
i would highly recommend the chancellor .
i think it 's great that the manager takes such an active interest in the reviews .
good price  we stayed at the chancellor for 6 nights at the start of a trip around california .
we picked it because of the good reviews on trip advisor .
we were not disappointed .
the hotel is not fancy , or luxurious but the furniture in our room was obviously quite new and the maids kept everything spotless .
the room was quite compact but we spent so little time in it we really did not mind . it 's a very nice touch that they have free coffee in the lobby , and all of the staff we encountered were friendly .
the area just behind the lobby where the tea and coffee is served is a little bit dark and some people may find it slightly off - putting on arrival but it 's really no reflection on the rooms ( ours was actually very bright and quiet ) so reserve judgment . the area around union square is not one of the many really nice neighbourhoods that sf has to offer but it 's so well placed for all buses , cable cars , bart , etc . that it actually is perfectly placed to explore a variety of them during your stay . as i said , not a fancy choice , but a dependable , clean and reasonably priced one slap - bang in the middle of the city .
good value , right near the shopping we were not too fussed about our stay in san francisco .
we were only there for 2 nights , after a big trip from nyc and las vegas , that we wanted a more toned down hotel , but was close to transport and the shops .
and the chancellor hotel did it 's job .
the front desk was always very helpful , and provided us with as much assistance as they could , especially when it came around to booking our airport transfer .
the lady at the bookings area was a bit scary - i can understand why people feel like they 're being harrassed .
but she does a good job at telling you as much as you need to know .
although , we found it a bit annoying when trying to book for alcatraz , and she said she had been waiting on the line for hours , and no one had picked up the phone , when we got through straight away on our mobile !
the room was slightly smaller than we thought , but it did it 's job .
there 's a good size wardrobe to put your suitcases , even though we did not use it .
the bathroom is also on the small size , but does it job as well .
all parts of our room was clean .
the only thing i can say is that there is an ice machine opposite the lifts , which was in front of our room .
so that was a bit noisy at times . in terms of location - it was perfect .
the cable car went by right outside , which was handy to get to fisherman 's wharf , or over to westfield shopping centre .
union square is just outside as well , but do be careful as there are quite a lot of beggers ( especially on market street - it 's very very scary ! ) .
chinatown is a good 10-15 minute walk ( up a steep hill ! ) .
right outside , you could see macy 's , victoria 's secret , and around the corner nike , tiffany  co , gucci , etc . heaven for shoppers ! in the end , for the money we paid , it was definitely worth the stay .
great location , reasonably priced , good service i abandonned our booking for diva hotel when i read the trip advisor reviews of it and opted for chancellor union square instead - much cheaper and consistently good reviews .
the hotel is in a great location and the staff could not have been more helpful and pleasant ( especially the decorator who was working on our floor that week - a really nice gent ) .
we asked for a quiet room and could not hear any traffic noise at all , so slept soundly .
the hotel is quite old fashioned ( in a nice kind of way ) and its age and size inevitably make maintenance and upgrading a huge job , so do not expect perfection .
nonetheless it is clean and tidy and things like the bed linen were of good quality .
my only ( minor ) criticism was that in the twin room we had there was rather too much furniture for the size of the room , which made it feel a bit cramped - there was actually ample room with a kind of separate storage room/cupboard , but things like arm chairs and coffee tables in the main bedroom made it feel a bit corwded and you coul not really sit at them easily and comfortably .
all in all good value and a good experience .
thought the warning leaflet in the hotel about cancer risks from chips and burgers was hilarious - symptom of the litigatious culture in usa .
we had a great time in sf - we walked up adn down all those hills through most of the very distinct neighbourhoods .
however , we were shocked by how many destitute people there are on the streets .
most seemed to be have mental health issues and were not in anyway threatening - it is just startling to see this in the richest country in the world .
great value  we had a great stay at the chancellor .
yes , the rooms  bathroom are small but for 2 people , our room was just fine .
the location is outstanding .
it is steps from union square and is near public transportation ( f - line , cable car ) .
chinatown is an easy walk from the chancellor .
the rates for a room were very reasonable compared to the other hotels in the area .
we ate breakfast at the hotel restaurant and it was very good .
the service at the hotel was also good .
we asked them for some recommendations , directions ,  etc . and they were always responsive and friendly .
parking is a concern in this area so i would advise purchasing parking as part of the hotel package .
there is a garage that the hotel uses around the corner .
also around the corner is the complementary health club guests may use .
it was a nice place for a free workout .
very clean , up to date facility . they do not have air conditioning at this hotel so i 'm not sure what it would be like in the summer .
we were here in the early spring so it was not an issue .
we would stay at the chancellor again !
very satisfied my wife and i spent a week at the chancellor and we were very satisfied with the stay .
based on what i had read about sf hotels , i was expecting a small room - it was smaller that what i would expect in , say , chicago but was candidly larger than i had been led to believe . i would say that the pro 's are (1) the terrific staff , (2) a great location (3) a clean , bright room and (4) a very competitive price .
i had a problem with my internet access due to a switchover in the hotel 's wireless network and the staff bent over backwards to get me back online .
my rate of $160 per night ( aarp ) was at least a third less than the nearby hyatt where i attended a conference .
we used the 7- day passport ( muni ) at $24 pp ( a bargain ) and the chancellor 's location provided great access to the routes that we required .
i also introduced myself to the gm ( wes ) who frequently posts on here to let him know that ta steered me his way .
the only negative that we noted was thin walls - we could pretty easily hear our neighbors ( and quickly concluded that they could hear us too ! ) . my wife and i both concur that we would not hesitate to rebook at the chancellor if/when we return to sf .
great hotel !
just returned from spending three nights at the chancellor with my sister .
loved the location  found all the staff very friendly . the rooms are compact but perfect for a great nights sleep .
always felt safe in the hotel . the complimentary cookies/popcorn/coffee/tea was appreciated  added such a personal touch to the hotel . would stay there again ! pamvancouver , bc 
quaint san francisco hotel i have to admit i was not very impressed with our room , but the location and staff made up for that loss .
our bathroom was very small and the air - conditioning unit kept my boyfriend up .
the location is fantastic though , right in the heart of san francisco .
we had a slew of questions and the friendly staff was extremely accommodating .
great location and friendly staff the best thing about the hotel was the location - very close to union square , muni and amtrak connections as well .
the check in staff were helpful and courteous .
there is no dinner or room service but there are plenty of restaurants and cafes nearby that you can walk to safely at night ( which could not be said of all locations in sf ! ! ) the room did not have a coffee maker in it .
the hotel breakfast was ok - service was good but you could probably get a better breakfast and at cheaper price from one of the local cafes . the room itself was small but clean and in good condition .
the bathroom was very small indeed .
i think the whole set up would be a bit crowded with two people . the free wifi was a bonus .
the hotel web site has a link to lorrie 's shuttle service from the san francisco international airport which was convenient too . i would stay there again .
great location , good value stayed here for 2 nights in january 2008. i had a renovated queen room on the 4th floor for $100 a night .
location - wise , the hotel is a few steps from union square , so perfect for shopping and dining , which was why i chose to stay here . first impression of the hotel is not great - hopefully they plan to renovate the lobby and elevators soon .
you also have to initial about 6 different clauses when you check in , whereas with most hotels a signature and a credit card suffices .
this is a petty point , but the hotel logo is also outdated and needs to be something more modern , to go with the renovations . the room itself was great .
the renovation meant the room had a modern lick of paint and new modern bedroom furniture . . . the green was a good choice .
i slept well in the bed and could have chosen from a list of 10-12 special pillows to order to my room .
there was a large walk - in wardrobe/closet which made up for the size of the room , a little on the small size , and an in - room safe , which was appreciated .
the bathroom looked like it had not been renovated for 10-20 years but was clean and i appreciated having a proper bath tub , which for the non - americans means a tub you can bathe in up to your shoulders .
much appreciated after a long flight ! with the current exchange rate , this was a very good deal for a hotel in a great location .
cozy accomodations , helpful staff i stayed at the chancellor when i was in town for business and was very pleased to have a nice non - chain hotel with a deep bathtub and comfy attractive accomodations .
the big draws for me were free wifi , location and the decent price .
i had some trouble getting the wireless working properly and the desk staff were incredibly helpful and accomodating helping me get set up and making sure everything worked fine .
the rooms are small but totally decent and i enjoyed the old - style bathroom especially the decent sized tub .
extra touches like the apples/cookies in the lobby and pretty botanical prints in the room made my stay here very pleasant and not another run - of - the - mill hotel stay .
the bed was conmfortable with ample blankets and pillows and even an extra wool blanket in the closet which was a welcome change from all those indeterminate fuzz blankets you get at other hotels . the only two drawbacks i encountered were minor .
there was no coffee maker in the room - - not a huge deal in this city with so much great coffee but it does mean you have to get dressed to have some or get room service - - and i did feel the walls seemed thin .
the person in the room next to me had a cough and i felt like she was right next to me .
when she was on the phone , i could hear her whole conversation .
neither was a very big deal to me but for people hypersensitive to either issue , it might be worth knowing . i 've also really appreciated the general manager 's responses here and getting to read his comments on his own blog .
it really is the mark of someone who cares about his business and how it is being perceived and appreciated .
great location very convenient location - trolley stop right outside the door and handy for shops .
this is an older building , so some parts were a little shabby but the room was newly decorated , the bed was large and exceptionally comfortable for the standard of room and the staff were helpful and friendly .
restaurant and bar a bit limited but for the price paid per room , their charges were perfectly reasonable and there was always free coffee in the lobby - nice touch .
would stay there again .
awesome location !
we stayed here over the 4th of july after reading the reviews on trip advisor and were not disappointed !
the location was awesome . . . close to shopping and great food , the trolley , and within walking distance of the bay .
the staff was friendly and the room had just been redecorated and was great .
they were still in the middle of renovating the other side of the floor , but we had no noise problems .
i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone !
small rooms but good hotel my wife and i stayed for four nights recently and found the hotel was good .
it is advertised as all the rooms having been redocorated as recently as november '07 but the bathroom in our room looked only to have had a superficial makeover . with the date of the hotel i expected the rooms not to be of the modern size but was surprised at how tight our room was , and the bathroom was tiny . that said we enjoyed the hotel .
we had one lunch in the hotel restaurant and thought the food was good , the small bar was ok and the staff very helpful .
for a small break , right in the centre of sf i 'd stay again , but maybe not for 4 nights again .
new years in sf my wife and i stayed here over new year 's eve and we were throughly satisfied .
the room , although small when compared to most modern hotels , was very clean and very quaint .
we were on the top floor with a nice view of union square .
note - if you do not care for traffic noise you may want a room not facing the street .
the staff was very friendly and helpful and since it was new year 's eve they had extra security measures to prevent unwanted guests into the hotel . the location of the hotel is excellent .
if you are into shopping , union square is surrounded by big retail stores .
food - wise , we could not pass up sears fine food ( next door to the hotel ) home of the little pancakes .
note - get there early ( before 8am ) , when we left there was a line out the door !
we also had dinner across the street at scala 's bistro .
it was very busy so instead of waiting 30-40min we took a seat at the bar and had dinner there .
the bartenders were nice and the food was good but nothing to write home ( or tripadvisor ) about . the hotel is right on the street car line which is awesome !
you can make it to most of the major tourist spots on this system .
also , the hotel is a few blocks away from the powell street bart station which is great if you are flying in and not planning to rent a car . all - in - all , i would definately recommend this place and i would stay here again .
loved the chancellor my husband and i stayed at the chancellor in december and had a wonderful experience !
it was our honeymoon and they were nice enough to give us champage to celebrate !
the location is fantastic and union square has so much to see and do .
the beds were really comfortable and the service from all hotel staff was great .
the only downside was one night we wanted to have a drink in the lounge but they had to close early .
however there were plenty of other places close by so it was not a big deal .
overall this hotel is a great value and we will stay here again when we come back to san francisco .
great place for central sf most travellers ' reviews were good for this hotel , which is why we chose it .
our experience bears out the truth of these .
whilst the rooms may be considered small by us standards , they are perfectly adequate , well furnished , and very clean .
there was more than enough space to move about easily , with comfortable chairs , as well as a desk .
the free wifi was particularly appreciated .
the huge walk - in closet for clothing and baggage , meant no clutter in the bedroom .
the hotel staff were wonderful ; very helpful and friendly .
full marks to them for customer service .
we are horrendously light sleepers , and found the hum of a heating unit on a roof below ( we were on the 6th floor ) a bit disturbing as we like to sleep with the window open .
because of this we asked if we could change our room , and this was done very quickly and without any problem .
a tip - if you want a really quiet room , ask for one at the back of the hotel above floor 10.
we took breakfast every morning in the hotel 's restaurant , luques .
excellent food and service and great value .
try the scrambled egg with greens !
we also liked their protester breakfast - juice , coffee , fresh fruit cup and wholewheat toast - and there are other options . we would definitely stay here again .
the only thing we would suggest as an improvement - and this goes for all us hotels - a means of boiling water in the rooms .
coffee and tea in the lobby is not terribly convenient if , like us , you need an early morning cuppa to get going ! andrew  amanda 
pleasantly surprised i was a little dubious of this hotel because of its 'historic ' tag , especially when approaching the hotel , since it is a rather old building .
however , on entry my fears were allayed .
the lobby was very nice , and the staff extremely friendly .
the room was small , no doubt , but i do not think as painfully small as others have made out .
the decor was quite nice , although the bathroom was very basic , but okay .
extremely clean though - so no need to worry about that . the location is fantastic , right on union square - the shopping district and a few bars and pubs there too . some nice touchs too , like the complimentary cookies and fruit , as well as teas and coffees , which you can just pick up from the lobby on your way in/out .
free internet too on the lobby computer was very useful . doubt you 'll find a better deal for the area and price .
great hotel we stayed in the hotel durngthe 1st week of october .
the room was on the 10th floor which was perfect .
the hotel had a nice atmosphere .
the staff were also very helpful , susan in the gift shop was a character .
the free tea/coffee and cookies were great , and filled a big gap after walking around the steep streets . the location was perfect , just about the best you could get for sight seeing and shopping . with
the tram stop right outside the front door you couldnt beet it . only small grip is that the bar area was a little bit soleless , i think that they have decided not to compete with the numerous bars in the area . would we come back= yeswould we recommend it= yes 
perfect location i stayed for a night at the chancellor hotel with my parents while visiting san francisco and was pleased with the petite accommodation .
i will be staying there again this december which goes to show that i am happy with my previous stay .
the bathrooms are good enough , and what 's really amazing is that they have allotted a small room for the luggage so it does not clutter the walking space of the room . i
am looking forward to my next stay there .
great hotel in superb location !
having read all the tripadvisor reviews for the chancellor hotel , my wife and i booked 4 nights for our first ever stay in san francisco .
having read many good things and being particularly impressed with general manager wes tyler 's responses on this site , i am pleased to say that the hotel lived up to all our expectations .
we had a friendly welcome upon check - in by steve , the guy who dealt with us and the process was quick and very efficient .
he also gave us a map and told us to come to reception with any queries .
i had made a request to kevin vossen prior to travel for one of their reburbished rooms on a high floor with a good view of union square and they were able to fulfil this request so thanks very much kevin ! ! brilliant view of union square day and night and the windows did a great job of blocking the noise out .
the room was nicely decorated and clean .
it was more than big enough for our needs and the bed was very comfy !
bathroom was clean and maybe a little small for some but we were happy with it .
having complimentary coffee and tea available ( along with the cookies ) is a really great idea and gives the guests so much freedom and free use of their computer for internet access is an added bonus .
one of the best things about the hotel must be it 's location to union square , the san francisco centre and everything else .
it 's fantastic !
we could spend all day sight seeing and then spend the evening shopping with it being so easily accessible !
union square is also close to all the main transportation routes so is ideal as a base .
we were originally going to stay on fisherman 's wharf but upon visiting it are very glad that we did not .
too touristy for our liking and a bit further out .
our recommendation is stay around the union square area , you wo not regret it !
so , to get back to it , we throughly enjoyed our trip to san francisco and our stay at the chancellor hotel .
san francisco as a city is really great and our stay was made all the more better with us staying at the chancellor hotel .
well done wes and co .
keep up the good work !
we may not be heading back to sf for a while yet but we hope that when we next return , the hotel will still be keeping up it 's high standards and we 'll be staying there once again !
one last thing !
a nice and thoughtful touch is to have an umbrella in the room closet for us to use - came in handy on our last full day when it absolutely rained all day ! ! !
location couldnt be better we stayed ay the chancellor for 3 nights this week .
we loved the historic charm of the hotel .
our room was very clean , had a huge walk in closet .
the bathroom was small but it was fine .
the bed was so comfortable .
we didnt take advantage of the pillow menu but it had some cool options .
the hotel is right across from a cable car stop which was great .
there are plenty of restaurants in the area and if you like to shop youre in heaven .
we walked to chinatown and down to north beach .
for breakfast we went right next door to sears .
i highly recommend the oatmeal .
yes , the oatmeal .
it was amazing .
the husband had the famous pancakes but i honestly thought the waffle was much better .
ok , back to the chancellor .
the staff at the desk was helpful with directions and gave us printed directions and a map to golden gate park .
the park is out of the way but worth the visit .
we spent the morning at the japanese tea garden and then walked to haight ashbury ( overrated ) the only bad thing i can say about the chancellor was the walls were very thin .
we heard the phone conversations and tv programs from the room next door .
news , weather forecast , traffic , and stock woes all before 8am .
overall the location , price and service was great , the room was comfortable but not luxurious .
i wouldnt recommend this hotel to elderly travelers because the walls of the tub are very high to step in and out of .
great location , nice friendly staff we tried for the packing package when we booked online but it was not being offered .
when we called the hotel directly and mentioned we had stayed there before they were very nice and gave us the package .
they also try very hard to give you a quiet room if you request it .
it 's an older hotel and the rooms are clean and average size for the union square neighborhood .
if you like being in the heart of it , the location is great and in a very safe area .
the staff is friendly .
the parking is either valet ( an additional cost ) or park yourself at a garage around the corner .
we chose the park yourself and the advantage of retrieving your car quickly is a plus in our book .
there are times in the past at other hotels that we have waited up to an half hour for our car .
we would definitely stay there again .
location , location , location - - and a great hotel just returned from staying three nights at the chancellor hotel and have to say that all the trip advisor reviews were right on the money .
we enjoyed the above - par service , the clean and cozy room ( yes , a little tight but workable ) , the coffee and cookies in the lobby 24/7, and cozy bar where we could enjoy a cocktail in a quiet atmosphere - - all at a very reasonable price .
best of all , the hotel is totally non smoking ! ! location is perfect , right near union square and in front of a cable car stop , within walking distance of many fine resturaunts and shopping areas .
kudos to the chancellor for making our stay in san francisco most enjoyable !
great location we stayed here for two nights a few weeks ago .
the location is great , right on union square .
a bit of noise from the trams going past , but the sound of the bells being rung is part of sf .
the room was fine , really liked the goose - down pillows and soft duvets .
didn?? try out the pillow menu , but a great idea as a pillow can make or break a good night?? sleep .
the bathroom was okay , a bit in need of freshening up though .
scratches on the bath etc . overall a good stay , but nothing spectacular as i was expecting when i saw that it was rated 3rd in sf .
i can?? comment on the service or food as we ate out all the time , but they were quite happy for us to check out at 6am due to a tour pick - up .
try the diner up the street .
real chrome and 50s kitsch .
overall a nice hotel in a good location .
europoean style hotel i have used tripadvisor extensively for the past few years .
i decided to give the chancellor hotel a try due to it 's reviews .
hotels as a whole are expensive in san francisco  this one seemed to be a bit more moderately priced .
my expectations were not high but my hopes were .
as we entered the lobby my heart sank as it is drab , dreary  dull !
we continued up to our room in one of the tiny elevators .
following the narrow hallway to our room , it made me think of historical hotels we 've stayed in in nyc  europe .
we were pleasantly surprised when we entered our room !
although the room was very small ( no room for a roll away ) , it was tastefully decorated .
it 's bedding was excellent .
it had 4 pillows ( you can request a variety of options ) , a fiberfill mattress topper , as well as 2 duvets with excellent linens .
the carpet was newish with a tasteful plaid .
the windows had sheers plus black out drapes which allowed sleeping in .
ours looked out on powell  since we were on the third floor , when the window was open , it was very noisy .
however , when closed it was very quiet  did not cause us any problem .
( they should do commercials for the effectiveness of their windows . )
you would not be able to sleep with it open due to the noise , however .
the hotel is not air conditioned but a ceiling fan was very efficient  served our needs .
the bathroom is so tiny two people ca not be in it at the same time , unless one wants to stand in the bathtub .
however , it has a nice makeup mirror , good shower head ,  plenty of lighting .
in the room we appreciated  took advantage of the suitcase stands  safe  ice machine down the hall .
in the lobby we enjoyed the gratis coffee , cookies , apples  newspapers provided .
all the staff we met were pleasant  accommodating .
we were very impressed with susan who books tours , etc , as she seems to work at least 12 hour days in little more than a closet .
other than the lifeless lobby , the hotel is lovely .
great location arrived at half past three in the afternoon to be told that the room was not ready , was not too put out as we had only came from dallas , would not have been to happy if we had just gotten off a transatlantic flight .
however soon forgot about the delay when we saw the room 1103.
it was lovely with a great view of union square .
loads of room , great bathroom and huge closet .
lifts were great never had to wait long for them .
staff that we did speak to were pleasant and susan at the tour desk was a great help .
this hotel is brilliantly situated for everything and we will be rebooking when we return to san francisco .
excellent value being on our honeymoon and having just left the bellagio in vegas and heading for a stay in the chancellor in san fran we were slighly anxious to say the least .
we were anxious for nothing and did not need worry .
on arrival we had a complimentary bottle of sparking wine and a lovely photo frame waiting in our room .
lovely touch .
the room was a fine size , clean with a very comfortable bed .
a great pillow menu available if thats your thing ! !
a nice touch also was the tasty sweet jar in each room which was filled each morning .
if you like cookies and coffee well then this hotel is your paridise .
they have complimentary coffee , tea and cookies available all day in the lobby .
the only but . . . . . is that they put the cookies up by the reception desk later in the evening and you feel guilty taking them ! ! ! well probably only because we were we savages . . . . . .should be ok for most people . the staff were very friendly , the location was prefect , tram outside your door , and good value shuttle service to airport available .
to sum it up and given the price you pay for this hotel you could not ask for better value .
i would consider myself being very critical of service and value for money but could not fault this hotel .
thumps up for the chancellor .
brendan walshe  amanda o 'shea , cork , ireland 
great place to stay the chancellor hotel is a great place to stay if you want to be in the very centre of san francisco near to all of the shops .
though it is also not very far from anywhere else as we walked to e . g .
ferry plaza within about 20 minutes .
the trams go right past the door on the powell / hyde line so there are no problems with having that san francisco experience . the room we had was not huge but was plenty big enough and the linen was crispy clean .
the whole place is a little faded but this did not bother us as we are not into luxuriousness in our hotels as we spend most of our time out of the room and not in it !
the room we had was great because whilst the hotel is in a busy area of sf , our room looked out on the side of the hotel and was on the 13th floor so we did not have the traffic noise that maybe some of the rooms on the front , lower down may have had . the hotel staff were very friendly and were more than happy to assist us with information and even gave us a list of hotels to book on our last night because the chancellor was full . the parking is literally only a 2 minute walk away and was well worth the additional money we paid to know the car was safely stowed and yet we could get at it for a trip to berkley at the drop of a hat .
all in all good no frills hotel and inexpensive for its central location and amenities 
wonderful stay , wonderful location , wonderful price we stayed at the chancellor from 6/29-7/1.
we had booked directly through the manager , wes . we had told wes it was a special occasion and he made sure we got a quiet room as requested and even left us a bottle of champagne to enjoy .
it was a very nice touch that we didn?? expect . the location for the chancellor is great .
it?? within walking distance to the stores and the cable car stops right in front of the hotel .
the rooms were clean and the bed was very comfortable .
we even took advantage of the pillow menu the second night .
every time we asked a staff member for help they were more then happy to give it . take advantage of the muni pass you can buy at the concierge .
they have a 1, 3 and 7 day pass for riding all the public transportation .
it saved us a ton of money .
i would stay at the chancellor again in a heartbeat .
loved the chancellor !
now i can see what all the fuss is about !
i loved this hotel , from the great service to the location . . . no need to have a car , as everything is within walking distance .
checking in and out was quick , and they even had a room ready hours before the posted check in time .
the room was nicely decorated , and felt larger with the high ceilings .
loved to hear the music and street sounds , as i had a front - facing room .
very comfortable bed with plenty of pillows .
the bathroom was small , but clean , and the bath salts were a nice touch to sooth my sore feet !
coffee and cookies in the lounge were appreciated , and made the mornings that much quicker to get off sightseeing .
there was as kiosk in the front lobby selling various things , although i only saw staff there once in my entire stay .
i had the option of staying elsewhere , but chose the chancellor and am thrilled i did !
wonderful hotel wih great services it 's one of the best hotels for a 3- stars class in san francisco area .
for the last 4 weeks , i have been staying at 5 different hotels in the union square area of san francisco .
this is the best one so far .
i will not hesitate to go back to the chancellor hotel again . the room is nice and clean and it reflects recent rehab .
and renovation ; yet it maintains its classic character with modern comfort . the service is great and courteous . . . a lot better than other hotels that i stayed recently in the vicinity .
the staff ' s always available and very helpful , with a smile , and is ready to accommodate your needs . for me , one other attraction is that the hotel is located rigth next door to my favorite restaurant , the sears fine foods . . .
great starting point to a beautiful city i booked this hotel through trailfinders and after researching it on tripadvisor . com .
excellent location - just off union square - close to not only cable car stop but also alamo car rental a 5 minute walk away .
chinatown in close proximity too . small lobby but well staffed efficient reception and very informative trip service desk with adjoining small shopping kiosk . rooms were fine - do not be put off by the fact there is no air - conditioning - the ceiling fans were fine . also we expected it to be quite noisy at night - not at all - no problems .
no coffee/tea makers in the rooms but in the lobby coffee and teas available around the clock - just help yourself and no charge .
also mouth watering cookies and muffins as well !
a jar of sweets - replenished daily - was also in our room .
i mus not forget there is even a pillow menu - you can try different pillows to aid your sleep ! close by were excellent shopping and dining facilities .
we had breakfast twice in the hotel - daily specials - all around $9. i 've had better but it was very convenient . staff throughout the hotel were very helpful without being in your face . i would thoroughly recommend this as an excellent base to explore this beautiful city and surrounding area - about 35 minute walk to fisherman 's wharf so take a cab .
previous reviews spot on !
we have just returned from a four night stay at the chancellor .
on return i have checked the latest reviews on the hotel and have nothing to add - everything is spot - on !
i too liked the fact that the manager responded to comments ( other managers take note ) .
we were on 13th floor overlooking the road , yes it was a little noisy at night but i have stayed on the 30th floor in nyc and you can still hear the traffic , it is a city when all said and done . we ate in the hotel restaurant for breakfast a couple of times and also , as we were up early , ate at sears next door .
however , when we walked past at 9am another day there was a queue going half way up the street so if you 're hungry , get up earlier !
we also had dinner in the evening at sears which was very good - the chicken smothered in cheese - excellent !
we also went to lori 's diner up the road which we enjoyed , good old nostalgia trip and perfect onion rings . would cetainly recommend this hotel to anyone who asks , perfect base for sightseeing and shopping ( we like macy 's restauarnt on the top floor - the cheesecake factory - very good views and excellent lunch ) and easy for collecting our alamo car hire which is just around the corner . am envious of anyone who is just about to return there , i 'm sure you will love it , just ope the weather is a little warmer and that you see the golden gate bridge - it wsa covered in fog all the time we were in sf !
good location for first time traveler booked from hotels . com
due to its good reputation and good location .
arrived earlier and left the package in hotel , no room available until 3:00pm to check in .
front desk service is good .
first assigned low floor , changed to high floor to avoid noise .
no king bed room available and put two twin bed together .
the location is good for first time traveler .
room is small but ok .
not many free tv channel to choose .
my kid can only watch pbs channel , no toon , disney , discovery .
great inner city hotel - and great ambiance we read lots of reviews before booking and i agree with another writer that wes 's willingness to read and respond to comments was a plus . yes , it is old and small but having stayed in lots of city hotels around the world where space is at a premium it is only to be expected .
the location makes it worth it .
very central and the tram stopping outside the hotel makes a fun addition for tourists . i ca not believe the guy below who thought a $10 note would get him respect .
first because it is not required here - all the staff were great ; helpful and friendly and there were always lots of front desk staff and porters around who helped us for no consideration and second because he 's so cheap ! ! ! small , quirky shaped ( in our case ) rooms but very clean and comfortable and quiet .
with an average temperature around the 70s ac is really not required ; and the fan was adequate . some recommendations regarding eating - hotel breakfast was very good and reasonably priced but we enjoyed lorie 's diner ( one just up the road and one just down the road ) - great fun and very efficient - the kids loved it . we ate at the restaurant next door which sometimes had long queues ( forgotten the name ) but it was very disappointing ( dull american fixed menu - sorry ) and service was poor - 10 minute wait at the bar for a table but no bar service and no wine list offered at the table .
there was one but it took so long to get it the food was delivered ! the italian restaurant opposite the hotel was the fantastic - we did not book a table ( advised ) but as we were early (6pm ) and agreed to eat within the hour we got a table .
really great food served by friendly staff and the same price as the other restaurant .
wish i had not been with children as it had a very buzzy cocktail bar section and it looked fun . a find which was only a short 5 mins walk away was a small , classy but again reasonably priced french restaurant called anjou .
off the beaten track but i 'm sure the hotel staff can direct you .
food cooked by a chef who 's travelled and was on site .
enjoy your stay - we did !
great location , small bathrooms , excellent bang for the buck i stayed with my wife and small baby in the chancellor for three nights and i had a good overall stay . the location is excellent , near union square , with many shopping places and restaurants and theaters nearby .
it is also on the cable cars route if you want to use them .
however , it is not a good location if you are mainly going to visit fisherman 's wharf . we had a rental car and it was a little complicated to load/unload our luggages , but the garage a half block away was easily accesible and open 24 hour/day , though a little pricey ( $22.00/day , because of the location ) .
you can also get valet , but it will cost you $34.00/day and you may have to wait longer . we had a room on the 15th floor (1500) and it was on the small side , but not too bad , considering it fit a crib without too many problems .
the bathrooms are very small , although the tub is large and the shower good and they change/add toiletries daily .
there was a little mold on the paint near the shower , but i think it can be fixed easily with some paint job .
the closet was astoundingly enormous , a walking closet !
with a safe and ironing board/iron .
there is no a/c , we had a fan in our room but it was never hot .
we liked being on the last floor (15th ) because the ceiling was really high (20 feet at least ) and the window was as well really tall , plus i think we got less of the street noises .
we did not try the restaurant for breakfast but appreciated the free cookies and coffee available at the bar . staffing was helpful and corteous , there is a small tour organizing area with a very nice lady that was helpful to us in a few occasions . overall a pleasant stay , would recommend to others .
chancellor is great !
we stayed 3 nights at the chancellor , and loved it !
staff were amazing ; very helpful , friendly , welcoming .
our room was quite comfortable , very clean and quiet .
we love the location and got a great rate directly from the hotel , that included very convenient parking 1/2 block away .
we visit the bay area 4-5 times a year for business and pleasure , and will return to the chancellor !
excellent location this is all about location . . . if you want a reasonably priced hotel centrally located you 'll find it hard to beat .
it 's literally feet ( about 20! ) from union square - you have restaurants , diners , all the main shops and a great atmosphere on your doorstep .
in terms of the accommodation itself - it 's good , very clean small room with small but adequate bathroom .
i would definitely return .
very good place to stay with excellent location as well .
we stayed at the chancellor and had a nice time .
its is a traditional type of older property but service , cleanliness and staff are all excellent and the price is very reasonable .
the hotel is very conveniently located and sf is fantastic of coarse .
i highly recommend staying at the chancellor .
great location only stayed one night here , after reading the great reviews on this site .
very glad we chose to stay here .
it was our first time to san fransisco and the hotel was in a really good location to everywhere we wanted to go .
right next to union square and tons of shops and places to eat , on the cable car route and within walking distance of fishermans walk ( although i have to admit getting the cable car back ! ) .
staff were very friendly and bed was comfy .
only one thing i would mention - the walls were very thin .
at 6.30am our neighbours decided to watch 'blades of glory ' at max volume .
we could hear will ferralls every word .
i think the film is great - but not at that time of the morning .
everything else was great , we would return if we ever visit san fran again . i read a tip on here to eat at sears ( next door ) for breakfast - thanks , it was lovely !
very nice stay i stayed at the chancellor for 8 nights , for a combination of personal holiday and business .
my husband and i found the chancellor to be very conveniently located , clean and with friendly and helpful staff .
i was grateful for the 24 hour fresh coffee service in the lobby , along with easy - to - access free use of the lobby computer to check my email , plus in - room internet access .
the concierge in the small lobby shop was very friendly and helpful .
and it was a nice surprise to find popcorn , fruit and muffins available in the lobby throughout the week .
all in all , a very good value and a pleasant stay .
great value to price ratio this hotel is smack dab in the middle of everything and a good value for the location .
the front desk service was excellent and fast .
we never used the room service but when we called downstairs with some questions about the city ( we 're tourists ) they were more than happy to help us navigate around . the elevators are fast and everything was really clean . the only complaint was the really thin walls of our room .
we could hear quite a bit of noise from our neighbors .
i do not know how they could ever remedy that but i guess there has to be at least one flaw in an otherwise good hotel for the money .
pretty good hotel this is a pretty good hotel .
it 's good value given its location and features .
however , good value means that you get a lot for your money , it does not mean that you get the four seaons at motel six prices .
i stayed on the 13th floor and i do not know if this was a pre - renovation room but it could certainly use some updating .
the furniture looked a bit old and worn , and the decor was okay , but not what i would consider a 'boutique ' hotel .
having said that , everything else was above average .
the bed was great , the windows provide very good sound insulation , and the bathroom was just fine .
as to noise , yes , you can hear the street and you can hear your neighbors if they cough loudly .
if you 're sensitive to noise ( i am ) i recommend bringing ear plugs ( i did ) , which will easily blank out the noise .
i did not try the restaurant or bar , so i ca not comment on those .
i was very impressed with the staff , who were unfailingly friendly , helpful , and efficient .
they 're probably this hotel 's greatest asset . the location is also very good , close to lots of shopping and chinatown , right on the cable car route , and a 5-10 minute walk to the powell subway station .
i would recommend this hotel if you want a good base to explore san francisco from without paying too much , but do not expect luxury .
thanks again to all you tripadvisors yup , the rooms are small .
but , with people living in homes built upwards is that any wonder .
space is at a premium in this town !
our room was clean and well equipped .
there is no a/c , but we did not need it .
there is a fan . at night they offer free coffee and cookies .
we took their sf giant package and it was an incredible deal .
you get two tickets per night for every night you stay or you can use them all on one night , if you have friends .
the tickets are lower box seats and their face value is $33 each so do the math .
then , you also get $25 per day for use towards food at a very respectable restaurant in their lobby .
use it for room service , breakfast or lunch .
the lunch we had was very , very good . the front desk staff was wonderful .
in a city where the average room rates far exceed what we paid per night ( $179) this place was a excellent choice .
thanks tripadvisor members for the recommendation !
excellent value , but not luxury good value ( $112 inc tax ) , excellent location , good room and facilities ( though we seriously missed tea/coffee facilities in the room - free but downstairs is not the same ! ) , bathroom a little small and tired .
though we knew it was non - smoking when we booked , the lack of any balcony etc meant having to leave the hotel for a smoke - be warned if you are a smoker !
breakfast downstairs was good value . only real moan was about the beggars/trash searchers around union square - not the hotel 's fault , but not not expected an upmarket location in the grand old us of a ( especially after 7 weeks in hong kong , new zealand , australia where we saw no beggars at all ) .
a great place to stay in san fran i was responsible for finding accommodation for myself and 5 colleagues and breathed a sigh of relief as the chancellor hotel was ideal .
it is in a great location , and i found the following particularly good : friendly and helpful staff , access to pc and internet at the reception ( at no charge ) , tea , coffee and biscuits available at any time of the day/night ( again , no charge ) , spacious room with a safe , iron and umbrella  the best thing - massive bath !
this hotel is not a luxurious 5 star hotel but it 's friendly , clean and central ? ? and i think for all those reasons it?? reasonably priced .
my colleagues and i were more than comfortable and really enjoyed our stay .
i would definitely use it again .
good location , good price stayed at this hotel in april 2007.
fantastic location , walking distance to all the shops  china town .
5 minute walk to market street which is where you get the trams  tube .
10 minutes on a tram to pier 33/39 which is where the alcatraz  golden gate bridge tours start from .
hotel reception really nice , staff friendly  helpful .
they have free tea  coffee in the lobby .
the bedroom was nice though on the small side but that may be because we did not arrive till 1am  it was their last room !
we were happy all round .
great value , excellent service we stayed for 5 days at the chancellor and had a great time .
rooms are not very big , and there is no air conditioning , but you do not really need that with the mild weather in sf , plus each room had a ceiling fan . this is an older hotel , yet it has some charm and everything is reasonably updated .
the staff at the hotel was wonderful .
since we were staying for a while , we asked to be moved to a room with a better view .
the staff was right on top of it the next morning , and personally escorted us to a nicer room .
they could not have been more helpful .
location is excellent .
right on a trolley line and can walk to almost everything .
each room had a iron  board as well . street noise was a little much even on the 14th floor .
late at night you could hear someone playing old classics on a sax somewhere . . part of the sf experience . . sighall in all , for what we paid ( $136/night ) it was a great value and great experience .
be sure to check out their website directly for specials .
we would definitely go back .
perfect for everything the chancellor is a very nice hotel in an excellent location .
yes , the rooms are compact but they are clean and have everything you need for a city stay . the staff are friendly and accommodating and the rooms were serviced daily at times convenient to us . the complimentary coffee , biscuits and popcorn were a very nice touch .
there is nothing like a cup of coffee , a biscuit and an oversized sofa in reception for people watching after a day sightseeing . we would certainly stay there again if visiting the city .
great location , great price , but thin walls the chancellor hotel is in an ideal location !
cool old building .
right across from union square , right on the cable car line , bus stops are a block over .
plus there is a borders bookstore right next door and sears fine dining on the other side , which by the way , has a great breakfast !
the sweet lady at the hotel 's mini convenience store was very helpful and found us a nice tour . our
room was small , bathroom super small , but we only paid $111/nt which included valet parking .
so we got what we paid for .
it was clean but things were old .
there were black stains on our towels , but they happily gave us new ones .
our only issue really was how thin the walls were .
we stayed 3 nights and thankfully we had different neighbors each night .
the first and last were tolerable .
the 2nd night though , was maddening !
there was one lady , who sounded like 20! she would not stop talking on the phone until after midnight !
we know all about her special diet , her kids , etc . . . anyways , we did not get much sleep because she was at it again early in the morning .
we were going to change rooms if it happened the next night but luckily , the next guy was much quieter .
it 's hard to blame the hotel for being next to a loud mouth , but really the walls were pretty thin ! we would stay there again , but would pay more for a nicer room .
great location we think the chancellor hotel is great value for money in an unbeatable location .
the rooms were clean and although other reviews complain that the rooms are too small - we had four large suitcases and found the size of the room perfectly acceptable .
the lady who gave tourist in formation in the lobby of the chancellor spoke poor english and was not very friendly or informative although the reception staff were friendly and helpful .
i would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and would definitely stay there again next time we visit san francisco .
very enjoyable stay we stayed at the chancellor for 3 nights in january as a stopover from the uk to australia and chose the hotel from the comments on tripadvisor .
we were not disappointed with our choice as the position on union square is superb with easy access to all the sights , shops and restaurants .
breakfast in the hotel was very good and next door is sears famous for their breakfast menu . although not a modern building everything was very clean and comfortable and the staff very helpful and friendly . would definitely recommend this hotel to friends .
very convienent stayed with my wife and two teenage kids .
had two adjoining rooms on the 7th floor .
rooms are compact , but staff very friendly .
had two breakfasts in the hotel and were good , but also tried next door up the hill ( sears ? ) which was also good .
trams outside , powell st station dowh the road , ( bart from sfo easy ) .
take the tram to the other stop ( not bay ) and walk along the front to the fort under the gg bridge . also use the f line trams . do not be put off by the beggars down the hill from the hotel .
it 's the only area for this . go to alcatraz on the first 9.30 ferry .
it 's the quietest time .
excellant location , excellant vfm - staff great !
fantastic location - on powell - so next to the tram , easy to get about - main buses and streetcars at the bottom of the road .
close to the shops and chinatown .
excellant value for money .
rooms were clean and tidy and had everything you could need - iron , safe , umbrellas , rubber duck - seriously . the only downside - did not think much of the restaurant - but who eats in a hotel when you are somewhere like sf ? !my partner unfortunatly contracted food poisoning ( from the restarant opposite , scala ) on the last night - the concierge was fantastic on calling out a doctor etc and were patient whilst i had to run around arranging flights etc and allowed us to stay in the hotel extra late .
unfortunatly the hotel was full so could not stay and extra night , but they arranged a room at the cartwright round the corner - and the bellboy pushed our stuff up there - so excellant customer service . the valet parking was cool too ( if a little dear - like $50) check out the gold dust lounge for a drink - down the road - the band in there played all the ol ' faves and had a nice friendly atmosphere 
does what is says on the tin we needed a room for the night , in transit from auckland to london , for the 2 of us and our 18month daughter . we wanted somewhere central  not too expensive . the reviews here were helpful and i emailed their info@ address , but as i did not get a reply , i emailed wes directly . he could not have been more helpful  gave us what seemed like a good deal on a 2 room suite . the hotel is just off union square , as are a number of more poncey hotels  there are loads of shops , restaurants  diners very close by .
as with every us city i 've been to , there were a few mildly deranged beggars and god botherers on the street corners , but the immediate locale and union square itself felt safe . the lobby is small and pleasant , with a couple of sofas and a free pc terminal for web access in the corner . the luggage gadgee and check - in staff were helpful , as we were too early for our room to be ready . the suite was small , but perfect for our needs - it was on the 14th floor at the back , so relatively quiet .
the bedroom had a queen bed , a chair  tv unit .
the lounge had a sofa , chair , desk and couple of tables , along with a large tv and a fax machine ( ! ) .
there were also two bathrooms , one for each room ( so the lounge can be used as an extra bedroom with a put - up bed , or cot / crib ) there is free wireless access , which was fast and useful . all in all , it 's a good solid 3* hotel in a central location and is good value , particularly if wes gives you a deal .
central location in san francisco i stayed through the weekend of 2/3 and this was my first time in san francisco .
the chancellor hotel was a great start to a san francisco visit .
the hotel is centrally located : the cable car , streetcars , buses , bart and muni subway are all close by so you can go to any part of san francisco .
it is in the middle of a nice shopping area : saks , macy 's , borders , see 's chocolates , walgreens , starbucks and great stores and restaurants on market street are all nearby or just blocks away .
union square park is across the street , so there 's a nice place to just sit and catch your breath during the day . the hotel itself is one of the older hotels so it has a lot of character and rooms have high ceilings .
although the hotel is older and rooms are smaller proportioned , the rooms are very prettily decorated and well - maintained and clean .
all the staff people were very nice .
a lovely touch was that coffee was available to the guests at the hotel at all times of the day .
in the morning , the continental breakfast provided coffee , muffins and cookies .
this hotel is all non - smoking , which is something that i really appreciated .
the area around the hotel is pretty safe for a big city . i would recommend this hotel to anyone ; it 's a pleasant place to stay , secure , clean , and centrally located .
perfect for sf getaway we stayed at the chancellor hotel for 4 nights and found it to be a great choice for a city break in sf .
the room we had was basic but perfectly clean and well - maintained .
the free internet access in the foyer was a big advantage !
above all the location was ideal for getting a real flavour of the city , and made it easy to go out in the evenings without worrying about getting taxis etc .
the only downside was on the last night we had hired a car , and had some trouble with moving the car to and from the hotel car park .
however i think this is more a sf problem , and i would not recommend driving around the hotel area unless you have nerves of steel !
i have stayed at the chancellor on 2 occasions , the last being feb 2006.
i would like to say that i think this hotel is really good .
the rooms are kept very clean , nice and bright , beds are comfortable too .
this hotel enjoys a great location on union square for everything .
very convenient to catch the cable car too .
yes this hotel is old and in my opinion its kept very well by all the staff .
the breakfast is excellent in the restaraunt and i can particularly recommend the daily fruit shakes !
waiter was also very friendly .
there is really only one thing that was slightly annoying . . on my second visit there , after checking in we went to our room and after 45 mins our luggage did not arrive !
i called the front desk and was told they were on their way . . . after a further 30 mins i went down to reception only to find them in the same spot that i left them , right by the front desk so i took them up to the room myself .
a minor point i agree , however it was pouring with rain in san francisco so we were wet and really needed a change of clothes , otherwise i would not have minded this but there was no apology given whatsoever .
besides this , i would have no hesitation in staying here again on my future visits to sfo .
thanks . . . manager and staff do a great job - keep it up !
central location i chose this hotel because of the reviews on tripadvisor - and the location was very central - just off union square - a short walk down the hill brought you to the cable car to fishermans wharf , and the shopping mall .
the room was not as spacious as some other hotels i 've stayed in but considering the location you could not expect a huge room .
it 's best to ask for a room facing the back - it does not have a view but means you can get some sleep .
there 's free internet access in the lobby and a small bar - staff were very friendly .
on our last day in san francisco we hired a car as we were driving down the coast - i would not recommend attempting to drive in the city - too many one way streets and scary hills .
a hotel that makes the most of itself a short note to add to the yes votes for this hotel .
you simply cannot beat the location - - or the price .
the staff were professional , knowledgable and courteous .
the rooms were clean and comfortable .
your laptop wo not connect with the wi - fi in the rooms ?
see the front desk , they 'll give you an ethernet cable and you can log on sitting at one of several tables in the lobby area .
want some coffee or a cookie after a long day in sf ? help yourself to both in the lobby , compliments of the hotel . there are any number of hotels that are grander and more luxurious ( and i 've been to many of both ) , but when it comes to the quality/price ratio and management that has figured out how to make the best of itself , this hotel ranks right up there .
cheers for the chancellor this old hotel has lots of charm and amazingly friendly staff .
our room was small , clean , and affordable .
it was in great proximity to union square and the cable car line .
we loved this place and would highly recommend it for the traveler who spends more time seeing the sites than hanging out in their room .
what a deal !
we went to sf to attend a wedding reception at the sir francis drake , which is directly across the street .
you ca not beat the location which is half a block away from union square and opposite neiman marcus .
the walls were a little thin , but it was not an issue at all - and i am a very light sleeper .
the chancellor is apparently one of the only older hotels in this vicinity that has switched out the windows , therefore minimizing the outside noise .
friends who stayed at the drake were not happy with the price , accomodations or the noise , although the wedding reception and food was incredible .
the only downside i observed was that there was not an a/c in our room , which typically is not a problem in sf , but might be in the summer months .
other than that , this was a clean , small room that was a fantastic find for under $140.
great , with one negative the only negative i have about this hotel is that the walls are very thin and i could hear both couples in the rooms next to ours .
i mean , i was following conversations .
there is not much the hotel can do about this but i concluded that we 'd stay at this hotel again on a weeknight b/c our weeknight stays were with travellers who were a little more quiet than the weekend occupants .
things i loved about this hotel : this place has tons of personality .
it 's a place you will remember out of any other normal hotel .
the rooms were comfy .
wi - fi was a plus .
no fridge in rooms , but that 's ok . i loved the complimentary tea/coffee and cookies .
the location was perfect .
staff was very friendly and helpful . our stay was great , minus the loud neighbors/thin walls . one little tip : if you take a right outside the door , and then a right at the corner and walk up a minute or two there is a great coffee shop with the best fresh - squeezed oj you 'll ever have !
perfect location !
chose to stay here following excellent tripadvisor reviews and am really glad we did ! me and my boyfriend stayed here for 3 nights in nov 06 and absolutely loved it .
the location is perfect , we could see the whole of macy 's from our window .
it 's also on the tram route which we used to go to alcatraz - tip : book in advance before you get to san francisco .
when we were there the next available tickets were a few days away . the room was a good size and clean with a few lovely touches like the rubber duck in the bathroom .
we found the complimentary internet access in the lobby to be very useful .
the room also had complimentary wifi access which we did not use but were quite impressed by . the reception desk staff were most helpful .
even allowed us to make a call from the desk when we were having trouble getting through to a number . the only downside was that the walls were a little thin and we could hear next door 's television quite clearly although we did have an adjoining door to that room which might have been the cause .
if we ever visit san francisco again , we will definitely be staying here .
great location , great value i stayed at the chancellor for two nights in october and found the property to be well located , the staff to be friendly and helpful , and the rooms to be clean and comfortable . you will not be blown away by opulence , but the property is by no means dingy or unclean .
everything about the place is solid if unspectacular . . . everyting but the price !
i could have spent almost $400 to stay at a travelodge in the city , but instead i payed $140 at the chancellor and that pushes my rating of the hotel into the realm of excellent ! i phoned the hotel the day before my arrival and requested a non - connecting room as high up as they could put me and they happily granted my request .
i had no problems with noise from other rooms or from the streets below .
conveniently located , affordably priced , clean and comfortable .
i could not have expected anything more .
would stay again in a heartbeat .
good experience at the chancellor this was my first time in san francisco and i chose the chancellor because of the good reviews on this site .
firstly , the room was not as small as i had been expecting , going by other 's experiences .
but then again i was on my own so it probably was more spacious .
i had come from a stay in a new york hotel , where you literally could not turn around without tripping over the bed or your suitcase so it was a welcome change !
bathroom was great , loved the oversized tub and shower water was always hot and had good pressure .
i did feel that the wall between my room and next door were a little thin - one night i could hear murmurs of conversation quite loud and was expecting a full night of it ahead .
however , it seemed like friends left the room soon after so was not too noisy .
i had a room on 14th floor so noise from below was not a big problem .
even though it was warm , i kept window closed and could turn fan on if it felt warm .
service downstairs was friendly . . . only problem i had before checking in was getting a confirmation email that confused me completely .
i had booked the room for 7 nights and had been given an average price per night .
then i got this email a couple of days before with a totally different room rate for the first 2 nights and then another rate for the remaining 5. when i worked it all out in my head , it came to the same total amount as the original price i had agreed .
it just confused me - i wish i had not got that subsequent email when everything had been agreed on booking .
only other snag is that i came back one day at around 4 o 'clock to dump some shopping and rest for a while before heading back out .
my room was just about to be cleaned so i could not really go in .
it was not a big deal , i said i 'd come back in 20 minutes and it was done by then .
as i was on an upper floor , i suppose it was just the time of day when the staff could get to it .
but it 's a minor gripe when the room was always clean , the staff were accommodating at all times and the price was good for the great location in san francisco .
i 'd definitely recommend it and would stay there again if i 'm ever in the city again .
good hotel in great location we stayed at the chancellor for four nights at the start of our honeymoon .
the hotel is in a really great location to see the rest of san francisco , the trams run right past the front door .
the room in the hotel was not huge but was really clean and comfortable , and to be honest with you there 's so much to see and do that we were not in our room that much .
the staff were lovely , especially when our bags had been lost by the airline when we first arrived .
there 's free coffee and cookies every morning and free popcorn on an evening !
if you want some nightlife i would reccomend the starlight room , it 's really cool ( you just need to ignore the drinks prices ! )
convenience and friendliness we spent three nights at the chancellor in august .
we had a room on the fifteenth floor with a view of union square ( lucky i guess since we did not request it ) , and thoroughly enjoyed our stay .
from reading some of the reviews , i expected to find a tiny room , but although it was not spacious , it did not feel cramped .
high ceilings and a large window gave the room an airy feeling , and it was clean and the bed comfortable .
we closed the window at night to keep out the chill , so we did not notice any noise .
there were lots of extras such as wireless internet , cd player/radio/clock , umbrella and iron in the closet , plus other amenities . the staff was friendly , we felt welcomed , and the location is convenient to shops , many restaurants , cable cars , and other transporation .
there was a tour desk in the lobby ( open 9am to 9pm ) where we bought our muni passes , and we could also have made arrangements there for tours or a dollar rental car .
there was a bar and restaurant ( open for breakfast and lunch ) off the lobby , although we did not use either .
i would not hesitate to stay at the chancellor again .
in fact , i hope i get the opportunity .
comfortable with historical charm my girlfriend and i stayed at the chancellor on our roadtrip .
our first issue was stopping the car and it was difficult given the tight streets with the cable car tracks right in the middle .
we had to do a big loop in order to drive up facing the right direction , but that?? just san francisco .
stopping in front of the hotel for the valet parking was difficult when we arrived in the evening since the whole block was full of parked cars despite it being a no parking zone .
eventually , we got the valet to take my car to their undisclosed parking location .
be aware that you need to give 20 minutes notice to get your car back .
there was a mix - up one time when i asked for my car and they somehow brought the wrong one .
but the error was corrected quickly and the staff was friendly .
the valet parking cost seems like a lot but considering the price of the rooms and the nature of driving in san francisco , it?? quite reasonable . the room was a touch on the small side , but given the location and history of the building , it was a minor concern .
we were provided with a spacious closet that included a safe which was a nice touch .
the bathroom was fine and the little touches made it feel cozier ( like the rubber duckie and the not - often - provided cotton swabs ) .
watch the lip walking into the bathroom though because you might trip or at least hurt your toes .
another nice touch to the room was the pillow menu .
we couldn?? be bothered to ask for different pillows , but knowing that they had a varied selection of interesting pillows was comforting . the chancellor had one computer in the lobby for public internet use .
the set - up seemed like the computer was off - limits , but all you have to do is ask to use it .
the room is set up for wireless internet access , but you need your own laptop of course . one really helpful thing was the map they provided .
it had all of the major tourist attractions and really made it easier for us to plan our trip . all in all , we were quite comfortable at the chancellor and the staff was very friendly ( including answering our questions about the 4.0 earthquake that happened while we were in san fran ) .
considering the charm of the building coupled with the excellent location next to union square , the chancellor proved to be a good choice for our vacation .
great hotel ! ! !
we stayed at the chancellor hotel for 8 nights in august while visiting san francisco .
we could not have been happier with the whole experience . we had requested a quiet room on a high floor , the room was clean and tidy and everything we had asked for .
the friendly and helpful staff made us feel very welcome and they were always on hand to answer any questions we may have had . the location is perfect , right in union square and literally 5 mins away from everything , shops , restaurants and bars .
also on the famous san francisco tram line so perfect to get around the city . an ideal base for any trip to san francisco . thank you for a pleasant stay we had a fantasic time and loved the city of san francisco .
the chancellor was a great value in union square .
the room and the bathroom were perfect for a weekend getaway .
the only con . . . the heat wave !
i thought the evenings were going to be a little cooler , especially since that 's what i had read on the boards .
of course , management cannot control that and we did the best we could with the ceiling fan and showering before going to sleep .
i think that 's the best advice we can give anyone visiting now during the summer .
excellent location and price we stayed here after our trip from hawaii and we were very impressed .
the rooms were small but cosy and the location is fantastic . . . walk down the road and you have all the big stores ( macys , abercrombie , american eagle , borders , virgin etc ) , its very convenient .
plus theres a little free coffee shop service downstairs which we loved .
we will definately be back and we want the same room (800) that we stayed in ! !
a respite from the noise and bustle we stayed in san franciso for four nights and , as expected , found it very noisy and busy , particularly around union square .
but the hotel was a gem !
we slept brilliantly ( wish i could say that now we 're home with jetlag ! ) and the pillow menus were great - i slept 3 nights on a buckwheat pillow , lovely .
free coffee , cookies and apples in the lobby were very good .
some nice touches like a token for buy one get one free glass of wine at the bar .
we booked the romantic package for the first night which enabled us to have a great room on the 15th floor with view of macys and union square - so pretty at night .
i must admit we did not find the hotel staff as friendly as seattle but they were approachable and helpful .
the rooms are fairly small - but that was not a problem - and the deep bathtub was lovely ( and yes , we did keep checking it to make sure it did not flow over ! ! ) .
the closet space was very useful although the rail could do with a dusting ( ! ! ) .
apart from that , the room was very clean and well maintained . definitely recommended for a central place to stay in san francisco .
recommend the chancellor we stayed at the chancellor for three days following a cruise to alaska .
if you are looking for a value for money hotel with good standards in a great location check out the chancellor .
thanks to the management and staff 
great 5 day stay i was very pleasently surprised with the service of this hotel .
they do a lot of little things that show they care about their guests .
the hotel is old but kept up very well .
the wireless internet service works great but if you do not have a computer they also have one available by the front desk for guests to use .
the bathrooms are a little small and i felt that it could have been a little cleaner but i consider myself to have very high standards when it comes to how clean the bathrooms are .
we stayed one night at the downtown hilton during this visit and would pick the chancellor over the hiton any day .
excellent choice i stayed at the chancellor for 5 days at the end of april .
i would have no hesitation in recommending it : good value , great location , friendly staff and free coffee/cookies ! bathrooms are small but who cares ?
had a room on 12th floor which was quiet .
ask for a room on a high floor and facing away from the street . cable car stops right outside .
macy 's store right opposite .
breakfast good .
excellent value rooms - good size , spotless but a little datedlocation - at the center of everythingservice - very goodmy wife and i stayed at the chancellor march 26-28.
arrived at about 11am .
check - in was a breeze , even though we were early .
we travel to sfo at least twice a year .
we have stayed at several hotels in the area including the westin st . francis .
for our money , we would choose the the chancellor again for our next visit . the hotel is perfectly situated for everything a tourist would want to see and do in sfo .
the cable car stops almost right upfront . we had meals at the following restaurants : ponzu - excellentbocadillos - above averageplouf - above averagesears - averagelori 's diner - averagecheesecake factory - average ( deserts - above average ) 
excellent experience , could not be better we where four , my husband and i and two daughters , the two rooms where connected , excellent location , excellent staff very helpfull .
the rooms where not big and no refrigerator in it but clean carefully every day and have nice decoration .
we loved our stay , from far the best deal in san francisco if you are going to sf do not miss it .
great stay !
my wife and i got away for an extended weekend and we were quite pleased with the chancellor .
we booked it on advice from others here at trip advisor and we were not let down .
the location is superb , the rates are excellent , the staff was friendly , nice and courteous and the rooms were clean ( yes , and small ) .
we stayed on the back side of the hotel , no view , but quiet !
we loved the cookie tray , pillow menu and rentable room - spa items .
would stay again and highly recommend .
bang " in the middle " for your buck we stayed at the chancellor for 4 nights from 11 nov 2005. booked on the net 3 months before travelling out , we checked in no problems and our requested lower level floor with a union square view was satisfied . the room was clean and tidy with plenty of storage , bed was very comfortable and bathroom was small but very functional great deep bath and powerful shower with a rubber duck to keep you amused ! i found all the staff to be very friendly and knowledgeable , a real non - chain appeal permeated throughout our stay . the bar in the lobby was very layed back and friendly with a good selection of californian wine and plenty of beers and spirits , free nuts and pretzels on request along with a couple of plasma tv 's showing the latest news and sports .
the bar area was being renovated whilst we checked out ( mid nov 2005) . the chancellors location cannot be faulted for visitors wanting to stay in the heart of san francisco within 5 mins of all the main shops and cable car stop . there 's a choice of at least 3 restaurants within 30 seconds walk of the front door , handy when you 've had a tiring jet - lagged day sightseeing . taxi fare to and from sfo international was about $40 including the tip . as for visitor tips - there 's one i would definately recommend .
buy a muni passport ticket to cover your stay .
if you 're in town for 5 days buy a 7 day ticket , believe me you 'll save money ! !example : 2 people making 2 return trips on a cable car in one day would cost $40 ( $5 each single trip ) ; buy a 1 day muni passport for $11 each and that covers your trips plus you can use it on buses and the tramcar along market st . wish i got one on our 1st day ! ! this would only apply to overseas visitors but one thing that we thought was a bit annoying upon check out was that our credit card was already charged before we had agreed the bill .
this meant that a refund of a service back to our card was made in us dollars which the card company make a charge for to convert back to your currency , so if they inadvertantly charge for something you didnt use or buy then you are out of pocket anyway . i would not hesitate to recommend a stay here - i would definately book again for the nice atmos and the very central location .
what a find !
we stayed four nights in the wonderful chancellor hotel .
when we arrived , we found an attractive and clean room with a candy dish full of candy that was restocked daily ; a pillow menu with choice of pillows ; cookies , tea , and coffee available all the time in the lobby ; and a location that could not have been any better ( cable car stop right outside the front door and surrounded by a veritable shopper 's paradise ) .
we did have a problem with the bathroom .
we are large people and the toilet was so close to the wall that we could not sit on it comfortably .
when we inquired about the possibility of changing rooms , we were soon moved to another room that had just enough extra space to make it workable .
the front desk staff was extremely helpful and actually moved all our suitcases to our new room while we were out sightseeing !
we ate breakfast one morning in the restaurant in the hotel - -excellent food , friendly wait staff , and reasonable prices .
next time we go to san francisco , we definitely plan to stay at the chancellor !
very nice great location and very nice hotel !
we had a great time using the chancellor as our base for 2 days in san francisco .
the staff was helpful and the room was small but nice .
we stayed on the 14th floor , looking for a quieter space with this hotel being on powell st and the cable car line .
we found it noisy during the day - but who cares .
we slept with the window open at night and found it to be quiet enough .
oh , and the pillows were very nice .
i 'd definitely stay here again .
nice hotel , great location we stayed here for 2 nights in september and found staff courteous , rooms presentable , beds comfy .
i do not think you could do better for location and price .
i booked direct with the hotel and then , about 10 days later , received an offer of a cheaper rate from an internet booking company .
i contacted reservations and they responded very quickly and matched the offer with no quibbles .
and email confirmation - and a nice touch just a couple of days before we left the uk , another email confirming the times and dates of our arrival .
thank you chancellor , we would definitely stay again .
p . scookies and coffee were great too .
great hotel , but one little problem i just got back from a long weekend at chancellor hotel on union square .
it is a very nice older hotel .
the staff there were all very helpful .
the location could not be better .
the one problem i had was that my skin is very very sensitive and i had a rash develop from either the contact with the sheets or towels .
which is something that happens to me sometimes when i travel , but not normally as bad as it was this time .
so it is something to keep in mind if you have sensitive skin .
pleasant  warm greeting upon arrival and continued friendly  helpful front desk staff were appreciated .
location is excellent .
room was clean with excellent , strong showerhead in bathroom .
i 'd recommend opting for the self - park rather than valet since the parking garage is nearby and waiting for the valet can take a while .
definitely recommend this hotel .
great we stayed in the hotel for 5 nights at the end of august 2005.
we reserved online on the web site of the hotel , rate was something like 125/per night including continental breakfast for 2. the room was nice and clean ( room 1105) even if some furniture did not look brand new . everything was perfectly working in the room ( bath , tv ) .we had a nice biew on the union square and on the cheesecake factory restaurant . breakfast was very good , if you do not want the continental breakfast you can use your coupon for a 7 usd value on any other choice . all the staff was very firendly . so
i will say this was a nice hotel and i think a good value/price , when we search online most of the hotel in the area where near the double of the price .
one night at the chancellor stayed in the chancellor for a stopover night . wanted to get some quick shopping in and figured where better to stay than the heart of the city ? close to everything , union square views , cable cars outside the door , 5 minutes walk to market street .
excellent location . the rooms are clean and well presented and while not huge are more than adequate for a couple . we got moved from the second floor to the 4th floor because of the hum of the air - con units outside the window .
would not have bothered me , but my light - sleeping missus was not having any of it .
a quick call to reception and we were shown 3 other rooms to take a choice from !
room 406 is beside the fire escape to the rear and was pretty quiet - my missus was well happy ! result .
i would stay here again i like this hotel a lot .
we stayed for four nights , and i think it really added to our san francisco experience .
we were on the 12th floor and yes we could hear the bells of cable cars in the morning , but i thought that was nice , after all we were in san francisco , is not that what we 're supposed to hear ?
the staff was very nice and accomodating .
the only problem we had was a noisy neighbor who had to keep his tv and clock radio volume at ridiculously high levels one night . . . but that was not the hotel 's fault just an inconsiderate guest .
i recommend the chancellor if you are looking for a place to stay in sf .
great hotel - great location my husband and i just got back from a 5 night stay at the chancellor hotel .
we could not have been more happy with the hotel or the location . the hotel was charming and as stated in many other reviews a great space with a nice deep bath tub , pleasant staff members , and free daily coffee , newspapers , cookies , and fruit .
upon arrival we were able to check in over 2 hours early which was a very welcome suprise after a busy morning traveling .
our room was spacious enough for the two of us and were pleased with the large closet space and candy jar : - ) the hotel restaurant was a nice place to catch an early morning breakfast ( not too expensive ) , but many other choices were available within walking distance .
every day upon returning back after a busy day of sightseeing our room was always cleaned and ready . the location of the hotel could not have been better - right in the heart of union square .
cable car pick up steps away from the hotel with the turnaround just a few blocks down ( as well as the streetcars and muni ) .
easy wallking distance to chinatown , restaurants , shopping , and theatres .
just a tip that across the street in the union square center is a half price tickets booth where you are able to purchase shows at 1/2 the price for nightly performances . we had a great experience and a wonderful trip .
if ever returning to san francisco i wo not even have to think about where we will stay because it will be at the chancellor !
chancellor - great hotel the chancellor is a great hotel .
the location is perfect .
the hotel is small , but it was very comfortable .
i believe there are 10 rooms per floor .
no complaints about this hotel .
the walk in closets are a nice touch .
i thought i would have problems getting to fisherman 's wharf , but to my amazement , the cable car took me right there .
it 's best to take the cable cars early in the morning or late at night , no lines .
make sure to get a multi day pass for the cable cars , muni metro and muni buses ; it 's a great deal .
this city has the best transportation system i 've ever seen , and i 'm from nyc .
look no more , stay here ! ! ! !
i visited san francisco for the first time in 2003 - what a fantastic city .
like new york , where i am from , it is a city that is meant to be walked ( the hills are not that bad ) .
if you are a tourist stay away from fisherman 's warf , it is so stale .
the only locals there are the people who work there .
it 's a tourist trap and it is very sad to see in a city that has so much to offer .
explore . anyways , my stay at the chancellor hotel was really great .
it was clean , quite affordable ( especially in 2003) , and conveniently located for a first time visitor .
i was on a bit of a budget so was unable to rent a car but did not need one .
i relied on public transportation and also explored alot of the city by foot .
the public transportation is great during the day and evening , but late at night it seems to stop .
i remember one night after going to a club waiting for one of the electric trolleys on market street .
i waited . . . .and waited , someone else showed up who was also waiting .
i thought that this seemed promising as i found it unlikely that he would also be a tourist so the trolley should be here soon .
time continued to pass and i decided to ask him how frequent the trains run late at night , it turned out that he too was from new york ( our public transportation runs 24/7 so we were both accustomed to this ) .
soon a car pulled up and one of the passengers asked what we were doing , they gave us the impression that the trolley was not coming and since i had not seen any taxis and my fellow new yorker was going in the same direction i asked if we could have a ride .
they let us and i was brought back to the chancellor . back to the chancellor , i stayed there about a week and a half and did not spend much time in the hotel aside from the first day when i had a bit of jet lag .
my only complaint would be that the linens and towels seemed a bit worn , not dirty , but worn .
the room seemed large to me , but i live in new york where apartments are small and i was staying by myself .
the furnishings and decor are nothing out of the ordinary and very modest .
it looked like a hotel .
the staff was friendly and seemed aproachable if you had questions .
again , the location could not be better for a first time visitor .
i would definitely recommend it to a friend so i suggest that you consider staying here .
also , if you are looking for some inexpensive , interesting entertainment when visiting , head to the audium .
it is located not far away from the chancellor .
a friend had told me about it and said that i had to go .
she was right !
it is run by this older couple and was started in maybe the 60's or 70's .
it is basically an electronic musical performance .
the listening room has speakers embeded in the ceiling and floor so the sound envelops you .
it is basically old - fashioned surround sound and is really alot of fun .
visit - - - - for more information . have a great time in san francisco , matt 
a nice stay at the chancellor for the price , this hotel 's location cannot be beat .
it 's central to almost everything that there is to see and do in san francisco .
the rooms are a bit small , but comfortable and there are several nice touches such as the pillow menu .
they also have an oversized bathtub which i considered a bonus , especially after a great deal of time spent walking and site seeing .
i would also recommend the hotel restuarant for breakfast and sears fine foods , next door , is very good for dinner .
i would not complain if i were told that i had to stay at the chancellor again .
great san fran hotel great little hotel with excellent location .
some reviews stated small room but if you are a frequent traveler to san fran you know this is very roomy compared to most .
a big walk in closet , nice deep tub , table and chairs , workdesk .
also , the windows are very thick so when shut the street noise is almost undetectable .
no a/c but in san fran this is usually not an issue since the windows do open .
the staff where terrific as well .
free day passes to the st francis health club next door is a great feature .
st francis guest do not even get free use , they pay a $12 fee .
would definitely suggest to friends .
the chancellor is charming the chancellor hotel in union square is wonderful .
it is very clean and the staff extremely nice and helpful .
we stayed there from june 25- june 29, 2005.
there were three of us ladies .
the room was a bit small but we knew that upfront . when we arrived the rolloway that we requested was already in our room . the bar in the lobby was very nice and reasonable ( friendly staff ) this hotel is in a perfect location . . . cable car right outside the door bart station 4 blocks away . . . coffee shops up and down the street . the tour director ( susan ) is a very nice person and very helpful .
we would stay at this hotel any time i go back to the city 
chancellor was a - plus ! ! ! !
i stayed at the chancellor during june 8-15, the staff was very helpful , the location was wonderful , the room was very nice , and overall i was very impressed .
the room was very nicely decorated , very quite .
the only negative was the size of the bathroom was small but with amenties like the pillow menu , the cookies and the coffee/tea there is really nothing i can find fault with .
mr tyler was also very helpful in all of my requests and i will defintely be back ! i left my heart in san francisco . . . . .
great value and location just returned from sf , stayed 3 nights at the chancellor .
we were very pleased with out stay .
comments regarding previous reviews : the single elevator really did not pose much of a problem , however we were on the 5th floor so never had to wait long .
i understand the elevator renevations are to be completed by the end of june .
we had a room facing the street - and it was noisy at night , garbage trucks , etc .
i was prepared and brought ear plugs and slept soundly once i put them in !
the noise is my only complaint .
the hotel is very conveniently located - the cable car stops right in front of the hotel - never had trouble getting on during the weekdays .
we ended up taking the cable car to nearly everywhere we went .
lots of shopping very close by .
room was sufficiently spacious , large closet with floor length mirror .
would defintely return to this hotel considering it was relatively inexpensive .
recommended restaurants : puccini  pinetti 129 ellis street -3-4 blocks south of hotel , italian , wood - fired pizzaszarzuela 's - fun tapas restaurant at union  hyde intersection , cable car stop at the intersectionpier market at pier 39- seafood restaurant with a to - go counter , benches nearby to enjoy the food .
to - go counter serves some of the same menu items at cheaper prices .
would stay again stayed for 2 nights mid may .
since we had a rental car with us from our prior week in southern ca and needed it again for 2 days later , appreciated that the chancellor 's price included parking and was still very reasonable .
room was small but fine , everything clean , and the coffee/tea ( i especially appreciated that there was tea ) , fruit , cookies 24/7 were a nice touch , as was the pillow menu !
we only had to wait for the elevator more than a minute one time , and so what . . . we were not in a big rush where three extra minutes were going to matter one way or the other .
hotel very convenient to cable car and bart .
they put us in a back room as we 'd requested .
the staff were very friendly and helpful . . . when we arrived in sf for our 1st time ever and were a bit flustered about finding a spot to park the car temporarily , etc . , they helped out a lot .
my only suggestion would be to tell people who will be arriving by car and needing the parking , a bit more detail by phone or email about what to do if there is no spot in front of the building .
overall , great stay .
good value , very central we spent ages choosing a hotel in san francisco , with the help of trip advisor .
it was a good choice , very central .
the hotel staff were really friendly and helpful ( seems to be the norm in sf ) and the bar was a nice place to pass some time , the bar staff were really nice and chatty , with recommendations of places to go .
a really nice place to stay .
there was lots of coffee ( and the tea was not bad , anyone british ) and cookies in the morning .
the only thing was because it is so central , it is quite noisy , as it faces onto union square .
it has no air conditioning , so even in april we had the windows open .
the cable cars run till late and the garbage trucks run in the early hours of the morning .
the rooms are quite small by american standards , but we had plenty of space for our four day stay , and the bathrooms were very clean with lots of good products . lois 's diner on the corner one block down is great for breakfast , or any time , and there is another one at ghiradelli square .
suprisingly cheap for such a central location , like the chancellor .
would stay here again we stayed at the chancellor blindly - we had never been to san francisco and did not know what we would get .
it was a great choice for us .
our room was very small , because the hotel is old , but it was clean and had all the necessities .
we were rarely in it anyway so size was not a problem .
the cable car stops right in front of the hotel which is very convenient .
the hotel has a travel desk which is awesome because it helps you plan your days to get the most of your experience .
we were there from late wednesday night until sunday afternoon and we saw a lot of san francisco thanks to the planning help .
they helped us to arrange a bus tour of the city ( picked us up at the door ) and a bus tour of wine country .
both were reasonable and well worth the money .
they also helped us figure out the public transportation and then we were really free to explore the city .
we were in a great location - very close to many attractions and restaurants .
we had drinks at the bar a couple of times .
the bar is very small but friendly and actually surprisingly lively on the weekend nights .
we had breakfast in the restaurant ( good ) but did not eat meals there .
( way too many great restaurants in the city to eat at a hotel ! )
we paid $79 a night for our room and considering the hotel prices in sf we thought we got a bargain .
we look forward to staying there again .
it is not a swank , posh hotel , but it is in a great location and had what we needed .
great location great location - right in union square .
reasonable pricing .
staff was helpful .
must do - - - eat @ tommaso 's in north beach for good italian 
great location on union square .
cozy room a good value in union square .
great location .
rooms are very small but decent .
we live nearby on the peninsula and come stay at this hotel for a weekend getaway .
cookies and fruit in the lobby is a nice touch . book early .
this place fills up fast .
we are lucky to have this hotel in sf we have stayed here on several occaisions this past year and were never disappointed .
the staff is very attentive but low - key .
the hotel is well maintained .
the rooms are quiet and well appointed .
the location is superb .
overall its a great value .
it can take time to get your car if you want it between 10 and 11 am .
we look forward to the completion of repairs that will bring elevator #2 back on line .
for those who complained about slow checkout , maybe the hotel should offer checkout through the tv like some other hotels do .
wes , you need to lighten up a little on your reaction to some of these reviews .
you ca not please everyone , but based on this website , you come awful close to it .
keep up the good work .
great location , wonderful staff we spent 8 days at the chancellor on union square during february .
the hotel is perfectly situated for shopping and touring - there 's a huge macys right across the square .
the cable car runs right outside the hotel and goes all the way down to fisherman 's wharf where you can do loads of things - within the hotel there is a tourist desk where susan will arrange pick - ups for you - to the airport , coach tours , the lot - she was extremely friendly and very very helpful !
we did a tour to muir woods - excellent and great views of sf from across the bay in sausalito ! the hotel rooms are clean and although the beds are a bit small ; we would have preferred queens , the overall comfort is great for the price .
we thought the little extras like the jar of sweeties and cotton buds in the bathroom were nice and made it seem very homely . the staff are all very friendly and helpful and we would definitely stay there again . for dinner , we found an excellent , reasonably priced , diner around the corner called daily 's grill - highly recommend it .
and for the best breakfast ever go to taylor street cafe - 3 or 4 blocks away but absolutely worth the walk - best breakfast i have ever had in the usa ! !
good value for money i stayed there with my two sons in july 2004.
first i was a bit surprised to be given a room with two single beds when we had booked for a party of three .
but on the one hand , there were enough blankets , sheets and pillows to prepare a third bed on the floor , and on the other , i was not out for complaining and relocating but for the beauty of sf .
when i later heard from other travellers that they had paid as much as i had for staying in veritable dumps ( in san francisco ) i began to understand why the chancellor is always getting such a good rating from customers .
it 's just good standard for little money .
great hotel , great location my wife and i spent four nights at the chancellor hotel january 17-21.
the location is excellent - right in the middle of everything .
street car line right in front of the hotel , bart station four blocks away .
the price was outstanding for a downtown hotel - we even got our fourth night free .
room was small , but clean and functional , and hey , you do not go to san francisco to spend a lot of time in your room !
only complaint was that even though it is a non - smoking hotel , someone was smoking in another room and the smoke was coming into our room through the bathroom ventilation .
i guess if some idiot insists on smoking there 's not much you can do about it , but at least the front desk responded quickly to our complaint and investigated , although they were not able to locate the source of the smoke .
overall this is a great hotel , with a great location , a great price , all in a great city .
i would highly recommend the chancellor hotel .
great place to stay my daughter is a sf state university student and i like to fly down , we meet up for a couple nights and have fun in the city .
our last stay was at the chancellor and we had a great time .
it is close to the bart station , close to shops and restaurants , has cookies , fruit , coffee and tea in the lobby , the people were polite and the beds were comfortable .
the price was terrific .
location is perfect .
what more could you ask for ?
location location location !
hii am a single woman travelling on my own and i could not have chosen a better hotel for safety and convenience .
the hotel is located right downtown and i used nearby public transport easily - cable cars , buses and the bart system .
i also walked around the city and surrounding areas heaps and found so many attractions within walking distance - chinatown , fisherman 's wharf , lombard st . cathedral of st . peter and paul and many other tourist landmarks .
i also walked to the theatre on green street one night which was only a fifteen minute walk .
i could easily have jumped on a cable car and been there in 5 minutes if i wanted but i really loved walking around taking in all the sights and sounds and smells .
what a magical city ! the hotel was what i expected in a good way although the room was a little smaller than anticipated , but not tiny .
if you ask to stay on a higher level you 'll get a great view of the city or union square and as i was high up i opened the window at times just to hear the 'ting ting ting ' of the cable cars .
i love a good bath so the oversized bathtub was wonderful , especially after a long day sightseeing .
little extra touches like the complimentary 'help yourself ' hot beverages , cookies and apples were greatly appreciated .
the cookies were seriously some of the best i 've ever tasted ! found the staff not particularly friendly or rude , just kind of 'neutral ' which i think could be a point of improvement .
they were efficient though which is important and when i requested a bar fridge for my room they had one there within 5 minutes .
also have to say the lady on the tour desk went out of her way to help me with information and directions and other such things so thanks to her !
many comments about the lift have already been written but i have to say it does make things a little inconvenient especially if you 're staying on a higher floor .
seems this project has been ongoing for some time and before i stay there again i 'd be keen to know when it will be rectified .
having said that i definitely would like to stay there again so i hope this will soon be fixed .
the price is very reasonable considering the hotel itself and its location and overall i would highly recommend the chancellor .
san francisco is a wonderful city and if you 're comtemplating whether to go or not - just do it ! !
i want to go back because there is so much to do and see and the city itself is just so pretty .
locals were very helpful as well and i did not feel unsafe at any time which is important for anybody .
nice choice at a great price we stayed at the chancellor on a friday night in may 2004.
the hotel is located right at union square which was great for shopping .
i read in some reviews on trip advisor that it can be a bit noisy being situated right next to a cable car line .
with that in mind i requested a room higher up to get us away from the street noise and the hotel staff was very accommodating .
if you 're sensitive to noise , i 'd recommend asking for a room on the upper floors .
the bedroom and bathroom were a bit small but everything was clean .
our breakfast at luques restaurant was enjoyable with good food and friendly wait staff .
i 'd recommend the chancellor and stay there again .
great location , good value i was very pleased with this hotel .
san francisco has so many choices that it can be somewhat overwhelming , but my husband and i were happy with our choice .
the location is right in the hub of the city , and we were even able to take the bart to the powell st . station from sfo .
it was only 4 blocks to the hotel from the station and cost $4.95 per person as opposed to the shuttles which were about $12 to $14.
you can buy cable car passes right in the lobby also .
the rooms were small , but very clean and nice .
would definitely stay here again !
loved the chancellor recommend it highly .
chose it on basis of price , location , and trip advisor reviews .
location was great , rooms fine ( a list of ten kinds of pillows to choose from ! ) , and staff superlative - friendly , helpful , and appearing to genuinely enjoy their jobs .
the woman on the bar went so far as to get someone to 'google ' something for us to settle our debate on something .
only caution - the cable cars run down the hill in front of the hotel , and union square is busy , so you must either close your window or sleep heavily .
aside from that , ca not imagine why you would not be very glad indeed to stay there .
a great value !
first of all , i want to thank everyone who has posted on tripadvisor . com .
all the posts here were priceless in helping me make a decision on a hotel in san francisco .
my wife and i recently spent 4 nights at the chancellor hotel on union square and it was everything that everbody on this board said it was .
the hotel is old and the rooms are small ( especially the bathroom ) , but it was more than adequate for our stay .
our room was clean and comfortable with a king size bed , overlooking powell street .
the bells of the cable cars lulled us to sleep at night ! the union square location was incredible .
we were within walking distance to some world class shopping and plenty of restaurants in all categories .
we purchased a 3 day muni pass ( $15) , which i highly recommend , and we were able to take advantage of san francisco 's incredible public transportation system including the cable cars .
we took advantage of the pillow menu and each ordered specialty pillows .
there is no air conditioning here so i would not want to stay in the hot weather , but the ceiling fan was fine in november .
also , because of the size of the rooms , i would not suggest staying with a family .
from the time i called and made a reservation to the minute the bellman took our luggage out to the shuttle van upon departure , the staff was absolutely superb .
very friendly , helpful and down to earth .
i 'm almost embarrassed to say that i paid a ridiculous $89 a night !
the chancellor is definitely a hidden gem .
if you 're travelling on a budget , like we were , i highly recommend the chancellor on union square .
if anyone needs further information about this hotel or location , feel free to email me .
good choice we just stayed at the chancellor for 5 nights .
it is a wonderful hotel , great staff , very helpful , clean rooms .
the rooms are not huge , but very comfortable .
they were able to accomodate us with an infant by providing a crib and a mini fridge at no extra charge .
the location cannot be beat with the cable car right outside , tons of restaurants and being right in the middle of downtown .
the also provided an excellent map of the city . i only have 2 small issues - the parking was expensive at $25 per night off site ( $22 plus a $3+ tax ) and room service is not available every night of the week . other reviews here mention the elevators being slow - i thought they were fine .
in addition , they are currently upgrading the elevator system . also , i recommend scala 's restaturnat right across the street .
the risotto was out of this world !
excellent stay we spent 4 nights at the chancellor in october 2004.
the rooms were not excessively large but everything that we needed was there plus a few things that were not needed but made the stay more fun ( sweets and a rubber duck ! ) .
we were on the 5th floor at the front of the hotel but were never disturbed by road noise .
the bar was comfortable and the restaurant food very good .
coffee and biscuits in the reception area were a treat .
the location is ideal for exploring the city .
a muni pass is a must .
a very pleasant stay my wife and i , along with our 7 month old baby and 3 year old daughter stayed in at the chancellor for 6 nights in september .
we did our research beforehand on this website and the hotel was exactly what we expected .
the chancellor provides great value in an excellent location .
the weather was a bit too warm for our liking , and so , if travelling with children , keep in mind that this hotel has no air conditioning .
nevertheless , it does have a ceiling fan , and our request for a fan was dealt with promptly .
we had a room on the top floor overlooking union square , and noise was not a big factor for us . particularly nice was the bellhop who brought my delayed luggage up and addressed me by my name , and then remembered it for the duration of the stay - made me feel like a vip ! other things that we liked - we had a small bar fridge put in our room - very useful when travelling with a baby ; the free newspapers were great ( ny times , sf chronicle , usa today ) as were the free coffee/tea/cookies ; the room safe was very useful . overall a very enjoyable stay at the chancellor !
great location and price the chancellor hotel on union square is a great location to visit san francisco .
cable car stop right outside the entrance .
the room we were in was small , but comfortable , clean and we loved the rubber duck .
tried their pillow menu .
i got the snore - no - more and my wife appreciated it !
wi - fi access in lobby bar .
staff were great , very helpfull .
the price was great - paid $120 per night including valet parking .
great location , but . . .
you certainly ca not beat the union square location for the price , but there were some disappointments which may have been largely circumstantial for us , to be fair .
we got a package deal through travelocity , which gave us a 4th floor room overlooking the tops of some lower buildings either behind or next door with loud fans and generators which , with the window open , could have kept anyone up all night .
on top of that , it was boiling all weekend , unnaturally hot for sf , and there was no air conditioning at all , just a ceiling fan , which made for an uncomfortable night 's sleep with the windows closed to keep out the noise .
slightly tacky and a little unnerving was the little tour booth in the lobby .
the vibe coming from it seemed a little desperate to push its wares and services on you rather than quietly accomodating , as a regular concierge would have been .
the front desk was excellent , though , and everyone was very pleasant and ready to help .
breakfast was pretty good , too !
definitely not elegant but inexpensive and convenient the chancellor is in a fantastic location for sight seeing and convenience .
nice staff .
it is not nearly as pretty as other small union square hotels we 've stayed at and loved : the kensington park and the warwick regis .
the chancellor is definitely no frills .
bathroom has vinyl and linoleum , old looking grout , and plastic tub .
no marble or ceramics here .
the room is perfectly clean but quite unimaginative .
no lovely little touches - chairs are old and bedding is plain .
the tv sits on the dresser , is not housed in an armoire or anything .
i think it looked like a very clean and cheaply decorated motel 6. however it is about $40 a night cheaper than anywhere else we 've stayed and we loved spending that money on play tix instead , etc .
if you were staying several nights the savings would be considerable .
it is probably not the place to hole up in for a romantic snuggly weekend .
but if you are interested in seeing the whole town this is a perfect and inexpensive place to lay down your head .
great location the chancellor is one of the best located hotels i 've ever stayed in .
right in union square , you are just steps from great stores and it 's a fantastic starting point for sightseeing . i did not know what to expect from the hotel , but was pleasantly surprised with the room .
it 's not huge , but the bed is big and comfortable , and the closet seems to go on forever ! the bathroom is a good size , and like others i found the rubber ducky an amusing bonus .
you can also choose from a menu for pillows !
sadly i did not get chance to sample the range on offer . my only negative feedback would be for the front desk .
while the staff were polite , i did have to wait a while to be seen on more than one occasion .
having said that , the lady who books the tourist trips must surely be the friendliest hotel employee in the world ! i had stayed at another hotel in the city on a previous visit which was shabby , in a menacing part of town and not worth the money .
by contrast , the chancellor is bright , safe and perfectly placed !
wonderful location the chancellor is a wonderful boutique hotel and a good value .
my new wife and i spent the first two nights of our honeymoon at the chancellor in san francisco .
the service was excellent and after mentioning that this was our honeymoon a bottle of wine was in our room upon arrival .
thanks for the service and special attention .
the right choice i just wish to add my vote of confidence to this wonderfully placed and friendly hotel .
room as expected .
helpful staff . excellent position .
dont worry about this choice .
the chancellor was great ! ! my wife and i travelled to the us for our honeymoon and san francisco was our first stop .
we were very pleased with the chancellor hotel and the service they provided .
all the staff were very curtious and willing to resolve all our needs .
i had read some of the reviews on trip advisor before we went and must say that they lived up to their reputation .
the lady behind the tour desk went out of her way for us to get us onto the tours we wanted and they were all fantastic .
great job chancellor ! !
you get more than you pay for we stayed at the chancellor for a weekend in the fall of 2003.
at $89 a night on a weekend we were not expecting much out of the hotel , but with the prime central location , we couldnt pass it up .
this hotel exceeded our expectations .
while the room was tiny , it was nothing to complain about considering the steal in price .
the view from our room was great , you are right in the heart of union square , and the staff is very friendly and helpful .
the rooms were clean and the bathrooms were spotless and the tubs were big .
this is by no means a luxurious hotel , but i really feel that we got far more than what we paid for at this hotel .
when traveling on a budget , we will never stay anywhere else but here in the city .
it is a great deal !
great location and value stayed here for 4 nights in march this year after reading the reviews on this website .
the location is great for an easy walk to all the central stores and restaurants and is right on the main cable car route . the hotel staff were friendly and helpful and the accomodation was fine , although the room was more european in size and not the typical king size of corporate hotels .
hotel restaurant was adequate for breakfast at an average $12-15 cost per person . room rates were good at $99.
would definitely stay here again just for it 's location .
definately recommended we booked at the chancelor after reading the reviews on tripadvisor and we were not disappointed ; we were there over the memorial day weekend .
the room was small , but plenty big enough to get changed and sleep - which is all you need it for anyway !
good bed/pillows , very clean and the staff were outstanding - we were travelling in california for 2 weeks and the chancelor staff were way above average from other places we stayed .
we asked if there was a mini fridge in our room when we arrived and there was not , but within 10 minutes of getting into our room , one was brought up .
very impressive .
during our 3 day stay , we asked front desk staff about a number of things ( places to go/eat ) and all recommendations were perfect .
the only thing i regret about writing this review is that the chancelor just might get too popular !
we will stay there when we return to san fran !
helpful staff , great location !
moved to the chancellor from another hotel to save money and the first thing they did for us was give us a lower rate because we were staying for 6 nights , so we saved more than expected !
we were given coupons for macy 's and meals/drinks at the hotel restaurant , all of which we used .
our bellmen were great ; the woman at the tour guide desk is most helpful .
were able to purchase public transit passes there and did not have to wait in line at the bottom of powell .
rooms small , yes , especially the bathroom , but very clean .
like having the window in the bathroom too !
great location .
would return .
great location on a hectic schedule we only stopped here for one night , but i 'd recommend this hotel as being friendly , clean and with some excellent touches .
for example this was the only hotel we stayed in which gave you a rubber duck for the bath !
free coffee and cookies in the lobby is a nice gesture , too . yes , the room was small , but not too small by any means , and getting to the hotel then to the parking garage when you 've never driven in san francisco before is a bit of a baptism of fire , but not the chancellor 's fault .
great value !
i selected the chancellor based on comments placed at this site and was not disappointed .
comments were right on .
small boutique hotel , great/convenient location in the heart of union square , reasonable rates , very friendly/helpful staff , the coffee in the lobby was a definite plus and the pillow menu was a nice and different touch .
room was a bit small but bed was comfy , room was clean .
might feel a bit cramped if you plan to spend most of your time in the room .
on another note , i 'd left a favorite scarf in the hotel room and had it back within a week .
i 'd definitely stay there again .
excellant value , we loved the chancellor my family had never been to san francisco before so , we looked on trip advisor for help to choose our hotel , the chancellor received excellant reviews time and time again , so we booked over the internet .
the hotel was perfect for us , great service and location ( cable cars stop just outside ) , food , clean rooms , although , bathroom could not be much smaller .
excellant shops and shopping arcades were closeby as were all forms of transport .
i will most certainly stay there again and on top of that it was excellant valve for money .
thank you trip advisor .
perfect for those without cars my boyfriend and i stayed here for two nights during the holiday season .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
they have complimentary coffee/tea and cookies in the lobby .
there is also an umbrella in the room for you to use during your stay , which was extremely useful for us .
the location is nice if you do not have a car , but if you do , parking costs $20/day self - park ( a short walk away ) or $28 valet with ins - outs .
with that and the hectic driving conditions , i would probably not recommend staying here if you have a car .
otherwise , it 's a pleasant stay . . . a little old for my taste , but that was expected .
convenient hotel i stayed here on a couple of weeks ago and opted for the parking package .
it was an extremely wise move considering the parking charges nearby .
the parking lot was about 200 yards ( turn left from the hotel and then right onto sutter street by walking but for the car , it 's left from powell onto post , first left again onto stockton , first left onto sutter and then on the right ! ) and it was great to drop the car and pick it up .
the hotel was comfortable and despite facing powell street , did not hear too much noise .
it is superbly located for union square and market street .
food - wise , there is a breakfast cafe next door called sears fine foods which is opened from 7am -3pm but i think it is closed on monday and tuesday .
lori 's diner ( one block from the left on sutter/powell , another branch is on powell street ) is a 50s style diner , serving burgers , etc . scala 's bistro is immediately opposite and serves californian - italian cuisine .
you may to book on friday and saturday . because of the location , you are no more than 10 minutes walk from the shops though take advantage of the tram to reach fisherman 's wharf .
great hotel in a great location great hotel for a very reasonable price in a great location .
clean rooms with lovely deep bath tub .
free coffee and biscuits in the lobby .
the staff were friendly and helpfull .
what more could anyone ask for ?
excellent service i stayed at the ritz carlton for a weekend visit .
the property was lovely and the service was excellent .
i selected this hotel after reading the reviews on trip advisor .
the reviews were 100%correct : service : stellarroom quality : not what i expected .
there was an odor in the room and the windows were very dirty .
*if i asked to be moved to another room , they probably would have accomodated me . spa : very nicerestaurant food quality : excellent the beach was much better than i expected .
it seemed like you were on a private beach that was owned by the hotel .
hotel employees set up umbrella 's , tables and chairs on the beach for hotel guests and the water was very calm and warm .
if i return to puerto rico i would stay at the ritz carlton again .
great for kids .
service is less than typical for ritz .
the beach and pool are beautiful .
ritz kids is great with excellent supervision and entertainment for the kids .
the beach activities are no longer covered under contract with the hotel but you can rent them on your own .
i got a lot of , i do not know and that 's not my job when asking about this .
sailing was spectacular .
we could see the bottom .
beware of the sea life just outside the swim line .
the river leads into the bay and the sharks feed on the fish swimming in .
the great part about this is that you can witness the sea life from the rented sailboats .
spectacular ! we requested a meeting with the wedding planner but never heard anything from them .
we requested 2 beds as we were a family of 3 but were told a king was the only thing available .
the only reason why we were moved the second day is because we packed our bags and waited in view of other guests . the cleaning staff did a thorough job but paid no attention to the do not disturb sign on our door while napping . the restaurants in the hotel are spectacular !
expect to spend about $100 per person if you order an apetizer and bottle of wine with your meal .
it was well worth it .
the service was much better than that of the hotel .
denny 's , about a 2 minute walk around the corner , is a quick and easy alternative for breakfast .
lunch is great by the pool but there are fabulous local places which back up to the beach and are reasonable in price . i read about the airport noise before we traveled but i did not think it was bad at all .
we noticed the sound and up close view of only a couple of planes a day which were pointed in a certain direction for take off .
nothing to worry about at all ! the beach is well maintained and the towel and chair staff is great ! we paid a discounted rate through a website and it was worth every penny .
if we would have paid full ritz price , i would not be satisfied with the service but it was a great alternative to a marriott or hilton for the same price .
good experience , wonderful people ( mostly ) overall a nice hotel and stay .
we have stayed in ritz - carlton properties before and had a similar experience - - the staff is very helpful and polite at a level above other hotels ( the only comparison has been the four seasons ) .
the room , pool , and grounds were nice .
as others mention , there is no airport noise at all .
help for beach chairs/umbrellas was wonderful - - it was a surprise to see 3-4 people whose primary purpose was to hand out towels and place equipment on the beach for guests . some minor issues - - we arrived in the afternoon and had to wait three hours for our room , which had never happened before at any hotel of the level of the ritz - carlton ( but they at least took my cell # and called me when a room became available ) .
second , my wife was using her mac air on business , and the in - room internet connection was not able to be used .
no adaptors were available and the hotel staff seemed lost when asked for help .
at most hotels i would not be bothered , but with the standards of the ritz - carlton ( and previous experiences at other properties ) i was a little ( just a little ) surprised at the total lack of help .
nice 5- day stay at the ritz my husband and i enjoyed a 5- day stay at the ritz over the 4th of july weekend .
we have stayed at other ritz properties before , but this was our first time to puerto rico .
we booked a standard room via the hotel 's website and were upgraded to an ocean view room without asking .
the rooms and grounds were not quite as nice as other ritz properties , but were still very nice .
although the hotel is near the airport , we heard absolutely no noise in our room .
all staff we encountered ( especially the concierges ) were extremely nice and accommodating .
the pool is beautiful and the grounds are well - manicured .
all pool chairs were already taken by the weekend afternoons , but there were plenty available in the mornings and on the weekdays .
the beach is public .
the sand is not the clean , powdery white sand you see in other parts of the caribbean .
the ocean , however , is much prettier and blue - er than i expected .
the ritz beach service was very nice , as staff quickly set up chairs and a little table for us . as expected , food and drink is expensive .
frozen drinks are $15, continental breakfast of juice , coffee , and pastries is $17, and the restaurants are overpriced ( we ate at il mulino ) .
however , it was what you 'd expect at a resort . the fitness center was clean and well - equipped .
i enjoyed a pilates class .
also included in the resort fee , are free bottled water , all the towels you want for the beach and for off property excursions , internet , and beach toys ( floats , kayaks , etc ) .we left the property to enjoy many activities .
we had a great time hiking at el yunque national forest , took a beach/snorkeling trip with east wind catamaran company , and toured old san juan ( it is a $25 cab ride each way ) .
you can walk to other hotels and restaurants in the isla verde area from the ritz .
the el san juan hotel has a great evening atmosphere with live music and bar in the lobby , good restaurants , lively casino , and a hip pool area .
there is very casual , but authentic puerto rican and cuban dining at metropol across the street from the ritz .
there are a few other very casual dining options , but the nice restaurants are all located in the hotels along isla verde ( the el san juan , the intercontinental , and the water beach club ) .
these hotel restaurants are steak and italian .
nice seafood restaurants are located in condado , which is a $15 cab ride from the ritz .
there is also a bike shop hot dog cycling down the street if you want to join a group ride .
***please note that there is currently construction at this property , as they are building balconies on the rooms around the pool .
they did not work on the weekends , but they resumed construction on monday and tuesday .
hammering , banging , and drilling into concrete was audible and visible in the pool area .
the construction is disclosed on the property 's website and did not affect our enjoyment . ***
my last trip our stay at the ritz carlton was nice .
the rooms were nice and comfortable and the staff was pleasant .
staying at a 5- star resort we expected that it would be expensive especially for mini - bar items ( $5 for a diet coke , etc . ) and the restaurant food ( $20++ for continental breakfast ) .
but the one think that we got upset about was the extra charges for bellman ( $16) and maid ( $2/day ) gratuities .
we have no problem with these charges per se but the reception did not tell us upon checkin of these fees and as a result we paid double ( i . e .
we also gave them cash unknowingly ) .
this is similar to the airlines now charging for checked bags and snacks .
but you feel that a posh resort like this would not have to nickel and dime their guests . . . some paying $400 or more per day .
btw : there are wallgreens and dennys about 300 yards from the hotel .
you can get a 12 pack of diet coke for $3.99.
also there is another breakfast place called piu bello a few yards further where you can get a full breakfast for $7. at least there are reasonable alternatives within easy walking distance from the hotel .
but we were not impressed with puerto rico in general and probably will not return .
great hotel , but not for families with small babies .
we stayed at ritz from jul 01 to jul 07 of 2008.
the purpose of our trip was a destination wedding of a family member .
there were 8 kids in our party , one of them belonging to us .
here 's a quick summary and some suggestions :1) we stayed at the club level and that saved us lots of money .
the food at the hotel restaurants is extremely expensive .
so are the drinks .
a mojito at the lobby bar will cost you $16.00.
food and drinks are free at the club lounge and you can take drinks with you in a plastic cup . . . so lots of money was saved just by reserving the club level room .2)
the food at the lounge was not amazing although they did offer lobster and lamb chops , as well as giant shrimp .
the deserts were out of this world .
3) my two - year - old daughter still takes her milk before bed and in the morning .
there was absolutely no problem getting her warm and cold milk .
since they do not offer a great kid friendly menue , my daughter had milk more often than at home .
having access to free milk 24/7 came in handy : )4) there are not too many activities for small children at the hotel .
other than the pool , there is nothing to do with a baby .
since there is no baby pool available , take floaties and other inflatable toys .
towels are always available and we 've had no problem finding chairs at the pool ( no matter time of day ) and at the beach .
the cabanas at the beach cost $50.00/day .
however , if you ask one of the beach - employees , you can get a free cabana for your child if you indicate that it 's not for you and tip him a few bucks .
they will put your stroller in the cabana instead of the beach chairs and you 'll have more privacy than under umbrella ( which are available upon request ) .5)
do not go on the rain forest tour - for $55.00 you will spend four hours on a bus that will make 3 or 4 20- minute stops .
not worth the time or money .
6) since the hotel is under construction ( they are adding new balconies ) , make sure to ask for a room away from the noise or else you 'll hear very annoying sounds from 9am to 5pm monday through thursday .7)
babysitting services are available for $18.00/hour for the first child , $3.00 additional for each extra child .
if you decide to go with the service , ask for mariza .
she was amazing at taking care and putting to bed two little kids .
my daughter had the hardest time adjusting to the hotel and new environment , bed time was a nightmaire .8)
cribs are available upon request .
i would suggest getting a crib once you 're in your room .
this way , the cribs are free instead of paying $30.00/night .9) the
junior suits and the standard rooms are not that different ( except for the price ) .
while the junior suit is much larger than the standard room , it still has the same design in mind .
thus , if you have a child , there is nothing to do after the baby is sleeping but read in your bed .
some parents were able to watch tvs in the room at bed time , but because each room has a big flat screen , the light from the tv made it seem like it was daytime and some babies kept waking up .
10) our main complaints were : no kid - friendly meals , construction noise level , and limited amount of activities for babies/small children .
the rooms are nothing special .
if anything , storage space is lacking .
11) you cannot hear airplanes from the room , no matter how much you try .
the only time we heard noise from the airports was when we were outside at night .
that basically sums up our vacation .
this is not the best hotel in the area and is definately not the worst .
i would probably not return there with my daughter , but would definately return with my husband for a romantic get - away .
**also , several airport tips :1) non - us citizens - -only driver 's license is necessary .
so no need for green cards , visas , passports .
2) parents - -we were able to take along milk and water in baby - bottles .
absolutely no problem to bring along snacks for the plane ride .
superb service , clean rooms , but humidity is a killer we stayed for three nights at the ritz in san juan .
as far as san juan resorts and hotels go , this is about the best there is .
the hotel is located about 1/2 a mile from the airport .
this makes it very close by if flying in , but also causes some airport noise to be heard in the resort . the grounds of the hotel are superb .
the pool area and hot tub are beautiful , well kept and large .
the beach of cleaned and the staff makes sure it is well kept as well .
there are tons of chairs and umbrellas .
no matter what time you go to the pool or beach , there were chairs waiting . service is superb .
whenever we needed something it was done quickly and professionally . the casino is a decent size for a san juan casino and the dealers are friendly enough .
it had a few tables and was open 24 hours unlike some others . the rooms are standard ritz rooms .
marble baths , flat screen tvs , etc .
this ritz property , i 'd put at the lower end of ritz hotels .
its nor particularly modern or stylish but is comfortable .
the bed was very soft .
our room , facing the airport ( city view ) had a view of a runway .
we did not ever hear airplanes from our room though .
the room had high speed internet which was included in the resort fee . as others have noted , food and drink are expensive .
mixed drinks are around $14 each , beers $6 and food - $18 for a burger and $22 for a cob salad with chicken .
that being said , a dennys and other restaurants are next door if you want to save a few bucks . our only complaint was the humidity in the hotel .
the hotel hallways had a certain mildew - ish smell and our room was very humid .
no matter if we had the ac or not , it was unbelievable humid in our room to a point where all papers and clothing were just a wet mess by the end of our stay .
we would have liked to see a de - humidifer or something in the property . other than that , no complaints at all .
the ritz made for a wonderful mini vacation .
great five days at the ritz my husband , 11- year old son and i had a great five day stay at this hotel .
the service was fantastic - - at the pool , in the hotel , and in the restaurants .
we met friendly people every day , and the atmosphere was very relaxing and convivial .
we ventured off the property a few times to eat dinner and lunch in an effort to cut down on what are very costly meals on campus and found a couple of good places within a two block radius .
however , the area is very quiet and there are very few options in walking distance .
the restaurants at the hotel are quite good , especially mare 's . as it was a school break week , there were tons of kids who found each other and dominated the activities at the pool .
the pool is very pretty , but it is not very deep and there is no slide or anything like that .
did not matter - -the kids had a great time going between there and the hot tub ( and the beach , with a parent tagging along behind them . )we
had a standard room with a pool view , although it felt more like facing an inner courtyard - -albeit a pleasant one .
the room was clean and well - appointed , but small , and the lack of a balcony - - or even a window that we could open - - was perhaps the one thing that drove me crazy .
i felt hermetically sealed in .
i had read complaints about noise from the airport .
while the sound is deafening outside the front of the hotel , at the pool , the beach , and in the rooms it is not noticeable at all , which is pretty amazing .
we actually liked the proximity to the airport , made the trip very easy . all in all , the ritz carlton is a lovely place , and one to which we would return .
great service , nice pool , ok beach , lovely grounds , small rooms we stayed 5 days 4 nights may 1st through may 5th .
a quick cab ride and you are at the hotel .
there was no line at checkin but i had requested a king bed ( guaranteed ) and they offered me either a ) two doubles or b ) move off the club level floor .
i wasnt thrilled with either but went with a ) .
the grounds of the hotel are beautiful .
the issue of other posters about being close to the airport was nonissue .
inside the hotel - i never heard planes taking off .
outside the hotel , i heard thrusts of engines twice .
there is so much white noise between the wind , pool , other people and the ocean , do not give the airport another thought .
the club level was nice .
i always compare other club levels to the one at the st . regis in aspen .
this pales compared to that , it was still worth the upgrade .
club level has 5 sittings a day of food / drinks as well as champagne/wine/mixed drinks at night .
free newspapers , coffee and drinks were a nice touch .
if you have a young family ( especially baby ) , the club level is a must in my opinion .
it is open from 7am to 10pm .
the service at the club level was great - staffed with a personal concierge .
the food itself at the club level was ok - you 'll get the impression of mass production but the convenience was great .
onto the rooms .
the rooms are nice but nothing spectular .
somewhat small , nice view ( although we paid for that ) , mini - bar ( but no separate refrigerator as adveristed ) , nicely appointed bathroom , robes , etc .
the glaring miss was no place to hang wet clothes after a day at the beach .
how much to those clothes lines cost - $5! a nice tv with dvd player was included .
the cleaning people were very good - nice ladies .
free internet access ( but no wireless - only wireless in lobby ) .
onto the beach / pool .
the pool is the main attraction at the hotel .
we had no problem finding chairs and the towels were always abundant .
drink/waiter service was nonexistent .
the staff did a good job of turning over the chairs .
down by the beach , there are 3 hammocks , many lounge chairs and a nice beach .
the beach is wide and long with low breakers .
it is not the crystal blue of tahiti , but is better than ft .
lauderdale beaches .
if you like to gamble , the casino was nice .
craps 2x odds , $15 and up blackjack , double zero roulette .
no limit with many locals playing .
drink service was good .
onto dinner at the hotel .
el mulino - my only tip is do not order one of the specials if you do not want sticker shock .
an a la carte fish dish cost $80.
mind you - this was not the rare but succulent japanese poison fish - it was dover sole !
maybe if the sole had swallowed some caviar while bottom feeding i would not have minded ; - ) i do not mind paying up for a good meal , but i also do not want to pay $20 for a cup of coffee either ( this is an example - coffee incident did not actutally occur ) .
we fared better at blt - - fully priced but at least i knew what i was in for .
mares was ok - nothing great on the food .
overall , the staff was very pleasant and the property was nice .
we met some nice people .
i ca not comment on the location because other than dinner in old san juan , we did not leave the resort .
overall , the outstanding service made the ritz worth the trip .
ritz great , pr not so much me and six girlfriends stayed at the ritz for a four day weekend may 29- june 1.
the property is beautiful .
the pool area is very well maintained .
we did not have a problem getting chairs everyday and the staff around the pool is wonderful .
the beach is also gorgeous .
the water is so clear and warm and the sand is compact and white .
just gorgeous .
we stayed on the concierge level and the extra price was definitely worth it .
instead of paying the large prices for breakfast and lunch at the restaurants we ate in the club and also had drinks before dinner .
most of the celebrities that come to pr stay at the ritz .
while we were there we ran into john legend and the nfl retired players convention .
the casino was very nice .
i am not sure why people have been complaining about that .
there were lots of people , guests and locals , and it was very fun .
however , there is not a real nightlife scene at the ritz .
for that you have to go two blocks down to the el san juan .
they have a great bar , club , live music , casino , etc . very fun and definitely the hotspot in this part of town .
i have to agree with others that there were a lot of children , but on our trip it was not too much and did not bother us .
the rooms were not that great .
i agree that it is definitely time for an update .
i did not even have a comfortable bed and the walpaper was scuffed , carpet old and furniture dinged .
we stayed for a very reduced rate but i would reconsider staying here for too much more than we paid .
we ate at three restaurants for dinner : dragonfly , koco , and blt steak .
i would recommened them all .
but beware , they are pricey .
overall , i would probably not return to puerto rico .
i found the whole city of san juan to be very dirty and i did not feel safe .
the people were very nice but there were not many hotels that i would consider staying at , and truly i am not a hotel snob .
ritz reflections my husband and i (55/53) stayed at the rc from 5/4-5/10.
we stayed in an oceanview room on the 6th floor overlooking the pool and ocean with a perfect view of both .
we arrived at the hotel shortly after noon and were in our room by 1pm .
check in was a bit slow due to guests at the counter who seemed to have issues , but we just waited patiently .
we were offered water and a manager helped by taking some of our preliminary info while we were in line .
every staff member that we encountered during our stay could not have been nicer to us .
we had never stayed at an rc hotel and have never been elsewhere in the carribean so we can not comment on how other resorts compare .
when booking the ritz we were a bit nervous that it would only attract the more societal elite and that we plain folk would have a hard time fitting in .
we could not have been more wrong .
every guest we saw were average , working class folks .
no old , nose - in - the - air , wealthy types anywhere .
as a matter of fact , the majority of the guests were on the young side : 20 and 30 somethings .
so if you are looking for the i 'm better than everyone else type of place that you do not have to share with the less wealthy , this is not the hotel for you .
we found the room to be spacious enough .
do not understand how people see these rooms as small .
perhaps they are trying to cram a family of 5 into one room
there is plenty of drawer and closet space for storing your belongings .
housekeeping did a fine job everyday except for thursday .
for some reason , thurs .
seemed to be an off day for service all the way around .
we had to ask for a bath mat and coffee .
this was not a big deal .
just trying to present an accurate picture .
the beds are extremely comfortable , you sleep cradled in down .
if you want to nit - pick : the room is not completely spotless , some of the furniture is a bit chipped , and the carpeting is a bit worn .
the windows are not crystal clear to look through , but the hotel is on the ocean .
would you really want someone hanging outside your window washing them around the clock ?
the pool is beautiful , but , yes there are diapered babies and toddlers that share it with you .
there are also loud , obnoxious cell phone users all around .
i just do not get it .
do these people need everyone to hear their conversations ?
are they showing off that they have the latest gadget phone ?
the pool area can become untidy at times , but again , this is due to lazy , inconsiderate guests who let their newspapers fly all around in addition to not putting their lunch dishes and cocktail cups into the trash cans that are all around the pool area .
i guess they need to be waited on hand and foot by the pool attendants .
each morning , in the wee hours , a maintenance crew washes the pool decking , the chairs , chair pads , and the tables , so each day it starts off being spotless .
i truly believe the staff does the best it can here .
on friday there were a wild bunch of children at the pool , drinking and spitting soda into the water , splashing people , throwing half - eaten pizza and plates into the landscaped areas , antagonizing birds , etc . while their parents sat in the front row oblivious for the most part and yelling an occasional idle threat their way .
we just moved to another section of the pool , where the water spouting from the lions drowned out the kid noise .
during the rest of our week , the other children were well behaved and a pleasure to watch .
this is not a reflection on the hotel , it 's a reflection on poor parenting .
bottom line : the hotel is kid friendly , so prepare for it . yes , the food is expensive here .
we ate at il mulino for sunday brunch .
it was delicious .
we breakfasted at mares several days .
there was so much to eat , we did not need lunch .
for that reason alone , it was a good deal for the money .
we went off - site for some of our meals and never had anything bad .
we even partook of grilled sandwiches in the casino and they were quite tasty .
as to the casino , we never saw any dressed up people .
it 's true that no one wears beach wear , but we were way overdressed in nice slacks and tops .
the slot seats were all stained and a bit gross and the patrons were basicly careworn local folks .
i had read on ta about how dress was very formal at casinos in san juan .
we went to four different places and saw the same type of folks at every one .
no need to be intimidated here by what you 're wearing .
side bar : the slots literally eat your money , we never had or saw any big wins here .
we do not play table games so we do not know if the odds were any better there .
drinks in the lobby lounge are $15 each .
you can get the same drinks , while playing the slots for the price of a tip .
service is quick and efficient . we walked on the beach every morning .
the white waves are very pretty .
the water is clean albeit a bit univiting since the water looks a bit mucky where the waves break due to the brown silty sand that gets riled up .
walking on the beach is nice once you get past what i liked to call the high turn of a car racetrack in front of the marriott .
it 's very steep there and you get quite a workout , but once past that area the beach is flat and nice .
there are small shells and beach glass to collect .
there is also broken , sharp glass around so watch your step .
yes , you will hear planes throughout the day , but it sounds a bit like a strong gust of wind .
we did not find it to be a bothersome noise . another thing to be cautious about : we left most of our cash in the room safe and could not account for $100 on our second day .
after that we carried our valuables with us any time we did not have the do not disturb sign on the door .
use the hotel safe .
also , we were charged for an item from the minibar that we did not take .
we just let both of these incidents go .
we knew we had no recourse and decided not to let it spoil our vacation . to sum , i 'd like to say that for the most part we had a wonderful time at the ritz .
everytime we returned from our ventures off site , it was like a sanctuary .
is san juan a beautiful city ?
but it has beautiful people who treated us with kindness and repect , and for that we thank them .
it is what it is ! ! first , let 's be clear - -this is not a mandaran oriental or a four seasons .
there is some airport noise and you can sometimes smell the fumes when you are on the beach .
the old city is just a tad too far away .
the blt steak is poor and il mulino is even worse .
the prices are what you would expect .
however , to look on the bright side you can have a very nice stay .
our room ( floor 8 ocean view ) was pretty nice and worth the daily $700 or so .
the service was excellent - -friendly helpful people always .
it was a delight to see all the smiling faces of the staff .
the resort is bright and cheerful and everything seems to work - -plenty of chairs and towels , nice breakfast buffet served well , nice views from everywhere . is there a better place for a quick getaway in san juan - -i have not found it yet .
very good but not great i just returned from an 8 night trip to the ritz and had a wonderful vacation .
that said there were positives and negatives . the property is very nice , beautiful grounds .
the beach is ok - it is not the crystal clear waters you expect in the carribean , but the water is warm , and the beach is swimable .
the rooms are nice - very comfortable .
the bed is amazing , and the tv is great , plus plenty of drawer space .
while the bathroom is very clean , it has the standard tub/shower together .
unfortunately not many balconies , so that is definitely a downer .
we had a pool/ocean view , but really wished there had been a balcony .
maid service was great .
i spent my time at the beach , and the service at the beach was outstanding .
plenty of chairs , but it was windy .
not so windy that you could not lay out - of our 8 days only 1 day had much rain , and i spent every day on the beach and did not mind the wind - it kept you cool . the food was good , and i did not feel the prices were steep .
resort food is expensive anywhere you go whether it 's a ritz or a westin , and i felt the prices to be pretty standard .
il mulino was amazing .
absolutely fantastic .
while normally i love blt , i was very disappointed to get a well done steak .
also , the service was pretty bad , so by the time they got around to asking me how it was , we had eaten all of the sides ( they were delicious , as was the wine ) and i did not want to wait for another one .
they did not charge me for the steak , but again i came there with high expectations and was really disappointed .
the concierge lost my friend 's spa appointmet , but fortunately she was planning to cancel it .
we had a major problem with the tour desk .
extremely unhelpful and getting conflicting information .
note that the tour desk is outsourced by castillo tours , so if you are having problems with them , just go to the concierge and ask for help , a mistake we made too late , and unfortunately resulted in us not going to culebria as we had hoped .
kamil the tennis pro is fantastic !
if you are thinking about doing a lesson or a clinic - book it !
he was so much fun and gave me a great workout .
all in all it was a great trip .
we met really friendly , interesting people .
very relaxing trip .
its so easy - quick flight , no customs or passport , so i would recommend this for a quick getaway .
however , it does not have the ultra luxurious feel you get from other ritz 's , so i would not recommend this for honeymooners .
i liked that it was close to the airport - i was listening to the waves and the wind rustling the palm trees , and was not bothered at all by the occasional plane landing .
good hotel for $700 per night the ritz was good - great beach , great pool , great lobby , quiet , clean , great service .
however , the rooms were nothing special or memorable .
and at $700 a night , you think you would get a lot more for your buck .
great service , abundant food , but major attitude of the guests first , i would like to state that this property borders the san juan airport .
it 's not a big issue , but anyone researching this property must know this , as there is no chance that you wo not hear the planes landing and taking off all day .
the rooms were quite nice , with comfy beds , a great flat screen tv , luxurious furnishings in the bathroom , and plenty of storage space .
the beach is okay .
by okay , i mean that you should not expect the beautiful caribbean turquoise beaches of a coral reef island , like grand cayman .
in fact , one of the massage therapist 's quote to me was this beach is literally the ugliest on the island of puerto rico .
that said , the beach is still clean , and the wait staff brings drinks and/or food to the chaise lounges they set up for you .
also , the pool scene is quite nice , as well . now for the issues .
i will also start with stating that i am from nyc , and have lived here for years .
this hotel seems to attract a large number of ny 'ers , most likely because , like me , it 's an easy trip given the 3.5 hour flight and closeness to the airport .
there is an arrogance and sense of entitlement of many of the guests at this hotel .
i find it particularly intrusive to my stay .
i heard more people kvetching about the most superfluous things - why is not there any lemon to put in my water ?
was my favorite .
the pool scene is completely replete with attitude attitude attitude .
not attitude from the staff , but from the guests .
while it is probably unfair to penalize a property for its guests , i think that anyone planning to drop 3k or more for a stay , here , should be prepared for the clientele it attracts . i would go back for a short getaway in winter .
however , i would not stay longer .
good , not great .
4- stars ( out of 5) we just returned from our long - weekend to san juan .
we had a great time and the ritz was nice .
since i had read a lot of posts prior to my trip , i tried to keep mental notes during my trip so i could provide up to minute information about the property and its offerings .
first of all , i have been lucky to be spoiled by other ritz properties ( along with other luxury hotel chains ) in other cities .
so i like to think that i have a decent sampling of properties in order to judge this hotel .
also , i spend some time each year in las vegas , so i have pretty good knowledge of casinos .
so here it goes . . . .the ritz is right by the airport .
so it is nice when you are on a limited sun budget that you can roll right off the tarmac and into a chaise lounge .
it cost 3 people $12( total ) to take a taxi from the airport .
you do not hail a taxi at the airport , there are people that will be wearing bright orange polo shirts who will call a taxi for you .
they will ask your destination and tell you the cost .
this was a little confusing but ended up being a nice little service .
just look for the little desk and the orange shirts . the property is smallish but impressive with a nice fountain and large entrance .
it is about 100-200 yards off of a main intersection .
but traffic noise and the such is never a problem .
check - in is nice and the room was ready for us upon our arrival .
we were in room 433 and had a view of a neighboring buliding .
( i did not request anything special ) and wanted an economy rate .
so we were not disappointed with the room 's view .
the room was clean .
the age of the hotel shows a bit through some very small signs of wear and tear but overall okay .
no real complaints with the room , our safe did not work , but that was about it .
the room has a nice (40 or thereabouts ) flat screen television with normal us cable programming . i had communicatied to the ritz via email that it was our 10th wedding anniversary and upon arrival to the room , there was a delicious chocolate dessert awating us with happy anniversary written in chocolate across the plate .
very nice ! housekeeping was very good with morning and turndown service daily .
the maids were all very friendly and stayed busy .
the casino is sub - par .
on vegas standards , this casino would not make it a day , but since it is one of the few on the island it gets business .
it is very small despite the fact that it is touted as the largest in the caribbean .
whoover came up with that fact must not think the the atlantis is in the caribbean .
anyway , the casino is amusing with $5 craps , $2 roulette and a number of blackjack , let it ride , and stud poker tables .
most of the machines are penny and nickel slots so if you are a big limit player , this is not your place .
the casino , like all casinos on the island are non - smoking and there are no bottles allowed in the casino .
all beers are served in plastic cups .
one night we ventured down to the el san juan .
it is a five minute walk from door to door .
this casino is much more lively and the enviornment is like a happening night club .
there is a texas style bbq restaurant on the top of el san juan that is a nice place to grab a drink and look out over the city and airport .
i would recommend the el san juan casino for the more demanding gambler or for the younger crowd looking for a party atmosphere .
it was fun .
the italian restaurant la piccola fontana , or something like that , was very good . it seems that the pool at the ritz is the main attraction with less interest in the beach .
i guess i favored the pool a little more just as it was easy to roll out of the chair and cool off in the crystal clear pool waters .
the beach is not a postcard beach of the caribbean .
the sand is not white and fluffy and the water is greenish not the sparkling blue that you may dream about .
but the beach is a little less crowded and a place where a group of 4 could all sit together .
a quick tip is to get out to the pool early for the best seating .
the best pool chairs , for all - day sun , are near the entrance to the beach with your chairs facing the hotel .
get the chairs closest to the pool and you will cook all day long .
its nice .
watch out for the iguanas that may take a dip in the pool on hot days .
they are really cool and great fodder for your camara . either place the drink service is a bit slow .
a few times we would get up and walk to the outside bar to get our drinks .
regardless the drinks are extremely expensive .
while i was not surprised by the cost b/c other travelers had warned me , it adds up fast at 6.50 for a beer and 13.00+ for a fruity drink .
because of the cost , the slower service , and my thirst , i walked down to a grocery store , fresh food , that is across from the entrance to the intercontinental ( about 10 minutes ) and bought beers by the six pack .
a case of 10 oz cans of coors light was still over $30, but what a savings .
i had stashed a soft cooler in my luggage and just filled it up with beer and ice from the ice machine and voila !
noone seem surprised or said anything to me while i cracked open a beer by the pool but i did not draw attention to myself by pouring the beer into a ritz cup .
i think a few other travelers were envious of my lower cost solution .
by the way , if you are a beer drinker , try the medalla .
its the home brew of pr and is very , very good .
you can also easily find coors light , miller light , corona , and heineken .
presidente is also a very good pilsner from the dominican republic .
try it ! whoever said that they could not hear the planes from the airport must have been totally deaf , or they never stepped foot outside .
you can hear the planes taking off all of the time .
but it really was not that big of a deal .
you cannot hear anything from inside the property .
we tried and loved blt in the ritz .
this is a steakhouse chain out of new york and is kind of trendy/upscale .
my group of four sat at the bar and ordered dinner .
we had a blast ! ! ! melissa , roberto , and another bartender whose name i forgot , were awesome .
the food was very good and the portions are big enough to split .
my wife and i split a filet and were satisifed .
i also liked the wedge ( salad ) , the mashed potatoes , and the spinach .
their appetizers are also excellent with many fresh treats like king crab claws , oysters , and shrimp .
it is expensive , especially if you are drinking alcohol .
but everywhere in the tourist areas will be that way .
we really liked this place . one other excursion was a trip to the parrot club in old san juan .
it is on fortelza street which has a lot of places for bar hopping .
the p - club is touristy .
the food is pretty good but the service is painstakingly slow .
i am a good , paitient diner , but at one point i got up to ask our server if something was the matter ( i thought he had forgotten about us ) .
i would suggest that you hit somewhere else .
marmalade is right up the street and is a cool lounge with a funky atmosphere .
the cab from the ritz to old san juan was about $20- $25 for 4 people .
cabs are abundant at all times in the tourist areas . overall , the people of san juan are what made the trip .
the servers , beach employees , and staff all seem young and happy .
they are truly glad that you are there .
everyone is kind and helpful .
that is one thing that pr has going for it over some of the other islands i have been .
there is noone there trying to hustle you and just about everyone speaks perfect american english .
the ritz has a lot going for it and we liked it .
it is not a place that we would recommend for a final destination for a long vacation but if you are looking for a quick get - away and can spend a little extra cash , then this may be a good spot .
if you are planning a trip that takes you through puerto rico then this would be a good spot for an add - on day .
great the hotel is great for a quick getaway to the carribean from the northeast .
blt steak and il mulino live up to the quality of their parent operations back home in new york .
yes , the pool can be crowded and it could be bigger , but your five minutes from the airport near a major city .
the beach was much better than i expected with a steady ocean breeze that kept it much more comfortable than the pool .
after the second day we skipped the breakfest buffet and opted for the single item service in the lobby lounge for a reasonable price .
we also skipped the ocean grill and opted to walk the short 5 minutes across the street to metropol for an authentic meal at lunch .
ask for jessica at the concierge , she was very helpful .
did not live up to the reputation like many hotels in the caribbean this is aimed at the us market both corporate and personal and although we are from the uk we have travelled extensively in the states , caribbean , europe and the middle east .
the booking was made by our good friends who live in florida and who were travelling with us , having experienced an excellent 7 day cruise with royal caribbean on serenade of the seas . we wanted to stay for 4 days ashore before flying back to the uk and as the cruise ended in san juan our pals booked the ritz carlton assuring us that we would be mightily impressed with the service and facilities , but that did not quite work out . the room and the room service was fine - we particularly liked the tea and coffee box in the room which allowed us to please ourselves when and how we started and finished a day .
the rooms ( and even the building ) seemed dated although this did not affect the stay and of course there is only so much you can do to modernise a hotel before you have to start again ! the pool was fine however unless it was toward the end of the day when most people had left we had to chase waiters to get a poolside drink as they only made very rare trips poolside and usually only if someone ( often me ) had walked to the pool bar/restaurant to order drinks in the first place .
this seemd odd as there were plenty of staff in , around and by the bar chatting and joking while a handful of guests had chosen to eat/drink there . beach was fine but i do not like the concept of various surfboards/rafts/dinghys etc being included in our 'resort fee ' when we did not want to use them .
the restaurants were all good although the steak restaurant by the casino was very confused .
we were shown to our table and my wife requested a cushion as she is only 5 ft tall and her seat was too low to be comfortable when eating .
the head waiter said that they had none and he was sorry so i suggested one be obtained from the nearby lobby/lounge but i was ignored .
so i fetched one myself and explained that it really did not take much and i was surprised that no - one was prepared to do this for me .
shoulders were shrugged and it seemed that i had asked for the impossible . by this time our table had been descended upon by what seemed like a dozen people to bring us water , bread , canapes , menus , wine lists , specials , olive oil  balsamic vinegar and so on .
by this time we had to remove the table decorations to get it all on the table - no , seriously ! when the food was served the portions were simply immense and one meal could have fed us all .
i am used to large portions in the states and her islands but this was ridiculous and i felt embarrased at the waste .
the cost was $600 for the 4 of us and we had just a starter and main - no dessert .
the wine we ordered was not expensive and by experience we all thought that it was unduly expensive and could have cost much less with reduced portions . the other 2 restaurants were far more sensible and overall we enjoyed the experience very much .
in my opinion the hotel could do with another bar where there is more seating and perhaps a pianist as the lobby bar is a little impersonal and usually full of conference delegates .
the bill for 4 days was over $3,200 and we ate in old san juan one night .
outstanding service , good amenities , but average - quality facility i chose the ritz - carlton san juan because it was not much more expensive than other nice hotels in the area .
i thought i was getting a bargain , but as it turned out , it was not the ritzy experience that i expected ( which probably explains the price ) .
the service was outstanding ; however , the room itself was average .
there were dirty glasses in the room when we checked in , the door was very difficult to shut ( the door trim was misaligned ) , the bathroom lighting was very dim , the water pressure in the shower was very weak , and the beds were soft and lumpy .
room service was offered 24 hours a day - but the selection was very limited .
we stayed for 3 nights , and had housekeeping service on the second day .
we had used one of the glasses for coffee , and noticed that they simply rinsed it and put it back in its original place , rather than replacing the glass ! the safe was an odd shape - tall but not very deep .
it reminded me of a bathroom medicine cabinet without shelves .
so , we had to stack things carefully and close the door quickly , before everything toppled out of it .
on a more positive note , the complimentary bottled water was a nice touch - very convenient .
and the restaurants were pretty good . as a side note , i assumed that there would not be many small children staying at the ritz , but i was mistaken . overall , we had a nice stay , but we 've stayed in far more luxurious hotels for much less money .
nice hotel stayed at the ritz - carlton for an annual appreciation trip provided by one of the vendors we use .
the bell staff was friendly and accomodating the whole trip .
never were we ignored or treated rudely .
the front desk staff was also friendly and prompt .
the concierge likewise .
i thought the front lobby was lovely and the lobby bar was a favorite for drinks and relaxtion .
it made the trip .
the bar staff was great loved randolf and orlando .
the pool was beautiful and clean .
we never had a problem with chairs or floats and the hotel was packed when we were there .
the wait staff at the pool was prompt and friendly .
i liked our room we had a perfect ocean view (709) .
but there were a few things that bothered me .
carpet needs changed or cleaned well , a stained duvet was placed on our bed and some things needed to be fixed in bathroom .
bed was so comfortable .
loved the beverage center in the room .
one problem ; housekeeping was very inconsistent .
never left enough towels and failed to replenish beverage center .
i left them a tip every day .
the spa service i had was good but the spa itself leaves nothing to be desired .
i wish there were more stores on site .
mares restaurant was very good ( lemon - glazed halibut ) , blt excellent , il mulino terrible .
i like good food and do not mind paying for it but il mulino was a terrible waste of money .
people that complain about prices at the ritz must not travel to large cities much because it is pretty standard compared to miami , vegas , new york etc . drinks and food are expensive if that shocks you stay at the holiday inn or embassy suites .
it 's all relative to your standards .
also loved the the palm restaurant at el san juan .
overall a good experience ( weather was horrible rained every day ) .
if i went back to puerto rico i would stay at the ritz again 
4 start - at best stayed here over labor day .
as others have stated , the hotel grounds are beautiful .
the pool is great and the beach is fantastic .
its close the the airport , if anybody is surprised by that when they get there then they should have read the reviews more closely ; it didnt bother us at all , a few seconds of noise once in a while and thats about it . the rooms were ok , nothing special at all , ours was clean but not usual ritz carlton type finishings or quality . the staff was not great .
only once was i recognized by name ; this is something that other ritz carltons pride themselves on .
the staff seemed bothered by any requests that we had ( and we really didnt have any at all ) , not too many smiles and just an all around lack of professionalism .
stay away , i repeat , stay away , from il mulino .
even being used to new york city prices , this restaurant is grossly overpriced and the food is crap .
any positive reviews on the internet about this establishment are from people who obviously never had a good meal before .
im not a food snob at all but this restaurant is bad .
trust me stay away , eat somewhere else and spend the savings at the blackjack table . all and all this hotel is probably one of the nicest in san juan , but take it with a grain of salt .
this hotel is equivalent to a nice westin or marriot .
not ritz carlton or four seasons caliber , not even close .
best vacation yet we arrived at the ritz on july 23, 2007 and we were completely captivated .
as soon as we walked in we were hooked .
the hotel was beautiful .
our room was the basic pool view room , but it was fantastic .
the cleaning service was top notch and we had no complaints .
the beach is great and the attendants are more than helpful when you need your chairs moved or just a glass of water .
they offer cold water and fruit , as well as fresh towels right on the beach .
the pool is just as beautiful as the pictures and they have tons of chairs !
the only drawback of the ritz is that they offer no type of gift shop where you can buy a beverge .
of course , they want you to use the mini - bar or pay for it in the lounge .
the continental breakfast in the morning was $17.00 and consisted of cereal , small muffins and breads .
we found a starbucks just down the street in the el san juan hotel .
not far away and pretty cheap on prices .
the restaurants at the ritz are worth the price .
il mulino is the best italian food i have ever had , mares had awesome seafood .
the poolside bar is good and reasonable .
they do leave complimentary bottled water in the room every day .
overall : stay here , the service is worth it .
bring your own soda and breakfast items or walk to starbucks .
we will be back !
beautiful pool , nice beach but . .not quite i expected for the ritz i stayed there 7/18-7/20.
paid $250 + heavy taxes/night .
this is a smaller ritz than others i have been to .
overall a very good hotel , but the price is too much . pros :1.
beautiful pool grounds !2. direct exit to the beach - many chaise lounges3.
friendly beach service ; you can use kayaks etc4.
mares restaurant is not bad - breakfust buffet includes champagne and a good assortment of cheeses5.
beautiful large plasma - screen tvcons :1.
maid opened up the door whithout knocking 2. bathroom needed 2 flushes - an observation seen in another five star hotel3.
hallways not very nicely decorated , room very clean but with ok furnishings4.
window not that big , no balcony in my room overlooking the pool .
great club level . .but watch your hotel statement ! !
i booked a 5 night vacation here back in the spring .
we booked through my travel agent who went through apple vacations . we decided to upgrade to the club level that we had heard so many wonderful things about .
so , all was prepaid before we even left on july 9th arrival . .checkout on july 14. upon arrival we were greeted very nicely . .good start !
so , now we are checking in and there was a problem .
somehow , there were two rooms booked . . . one for me and another for my daughter .
nope . .we only booked one room .
so this gliche took about 15 minutes to resolve . .i gave them the vouchers that stated the room was paid in full . .one room ! !
then , they asked for my credit card for incidental charges .
thoughtout the 5 night stay we only charged 2 lunches and one sightseeing tour that amounted to a $175.00
charge to my credit card .
imagine my surprise when on the morning of checkout there is a bill for over $3000.00! ! !
i immediately went to the front desk asking for an explanation !
thank goodness i had brought the duplicate set of vouchers ( receipts ) .
they had to make copies of the duplicates uh . .where were the originals they took from me when we checked in ?
i was then told nothing could be done until 10am when the billing office opened .
three and a half hours later . . . the club lounge manager , brandon , checked on this and said it was remedied .
i checked out with a receipt for only the $175.00
correct charge to the credit card .
imagine my surprise when i got home and was checking my credit card statement . . . .uh huh . . . the ritz carlton had charged my credit card for 5 full nights on the day of my check - in for the over $3000.00
even though the charges were pending i was outraged that my card had been charged for 5 nights and it was a prepaid trip . this morning i called the rc and spoke to the finance department who was going to call my bank to have the charges reversed .
as of my writing this . . . i am waiting for her phone call . a lovely hotel , wonderful club level . .kudos to brandon , rey , venus , roberto .
good restaurants . .expensive but service is excellent .
a terrific trip except for the above problem .
hopefully will be resolved . . . will let all of you know as soon as the call is returned .
nice time at the ritz my partner and i had a great time overall at the ritz .
when we arrived , we were able to check in and got a room facing the pool on the 2nd floor .
we were quite happy the first night .
on the second night of our four night visit , we had some really noisy neighbors in the room next to us .
there was loud music from 6 pm to 6am .
we complained three times and the loud music would stop for a while and then start up again .
in the end , on our second night we literally got no sleep .
after explaining this situation to management the next day , they were very apologetic and we were moved to a very nice ocean view room on the 10th floor .
our bill was also adjusted accordingly and i asked for a meal credit which was given to us and was used at mares .
the food and service at mares was very good .
in fact , they have the best guava flan i have ever tasted .
it was so good that i requested a copy of the recipe , which was emailed to me , when we checked out .
we also used the gym ( which is part of the resort fee ) which was nicely equipped with treadmills , etc .
we also had continental breakfast in the lobby bar which at $18 a pop was not cheep but nevertheless was good with great coffee .
on our last night we ate at il molino which was expensive but the service and food were excellent .
the beach just outside of the hotel was very nice .
they obviously comb the beach to get rid of the trash , rocks , etc .
they also provide great lounge chairs with umbrellas .
regarding the noise , yes this hotel is right next to the airport runways and this is a known fact .
if airplane noise bothers you , then go somewhere else , however , you will not hear the noise when in your room and it is not like lax , jfk or ord where there is one plane taking off every 20 seconds !
based on our experience , we will return to this hotel .
excellent service but did not knock my socks off overall this is a lovely property and the staff treats the guests very well .
here is a breakdown of my experiences . the room and property : nice enough , very comfortable beds , marble bathroom .
some of the furnishings were a little worn .
it was not run down but you expect a little more from a ritz and for what you pay to stay there .
the pool is gorgeous , common areas are very pretty .
lots of attention to the little details , aesthetic pleasures . the location : beach is pretty , clean .
it is not a white sand beach , though .
the airplane noise others have written about does exist , but it is not really noticeable with the sound of the surf and wind .
very minor issue .
nobody on the beach peddling goods so it is relaxing .
there is a little toddler playground , some hammocks .
only one shower to rinse off sand .
the hotel itself does not have much around it and you need to take a taxi to old san juan and other attractions .
this is expensive and next time i would consider renting a car . the staff : professional .
very good customer service .
greet you by name .
go out of their way to make you satisified and correct any grievances .
friendly and helpful , leave you little welcome gifts and personal notes .
nice little extras everywhere , like you would expect at this level .
cool wasclothes by the pool , citrus water and complimentary fruit .
everyone spoke english and were happy to accomodate and answer questions . the food : in this area i would have to say that they are not up to par .
we ate at mares a few times .
the breakfast buffet is fine , but not excellent in any sense .
the guava pancakes were good as were some of the pastries , otherwise it was pretty mundane . the dinner is mediocre and i definitely expected more . spa : nice .
good massage therapist , professional .
waiting area for services was noisy .
they add on the 20% gratuity .
mine was worth it , but you might want to decide for yourself . value for the money : i 'd rather have a shorter vacation at a ritz than a longer one at a lesser hotel , however , this particular ritz , although very good overall , still needs to step it up a bit for the price .
they add on a daily tax and resort charge which total over $100 per night in additional charges .
there are a lot of little extras , but you more than pay for every little bit of it .
classy hotel , but too near airport . . .
recently returned from a two night stay at the ritz .
i had read other reviews about the close proximity to the airport , but kept hearing it was not an airport hotel .
the rooms are lovely , but small .
the beds looked more comfortable than they were .
no balconies .
the pool area was very crowded as it was holiday week and they had a large group in attendance .
somewhat annoying when trying to secure lounge chairs .
we unfortunately found the sounds of airplanes taking off annoying .
could not see them from the pool , but the sound was loud and you could smell the fumes !
the casino was very nice .
the restaurants in hotel were good , but as expected expensive .
they could use a starbucks - or similar for take out late night coffee or light breakfast fare .
limited options for breakfast - other than full buffet - $25.00
/or cold buffet $19.00.
could order a la cart - which is best option if prefer lower cost and lighter fare .
we saw many go off property to eat dinner - which is an option due to close proximity to old san juan .
we were there only two nights , so we opted to stay on property .
stayed at the westin rio mar for 5 nights prior to the ritz ( can see my review there ) and enjoyed the pool/beach seen better there .
was more relaxed .
lovely hotel , but prefer a more relaxed setting that still retains an air of luxury .
ate lunch at barrachina 's in old san juan - known for puerto rican fare .
this was recommended to us in town .
the food was good , but waited 45mins from order time - for food to appear .
they have great pina coladas .
great hotel experience ; ok for a ritz carlton we just returned from a 7 day stay at the ritz carlton .
the hotel property was beautiful in true ritz style .
the entry way was grand and the gardens surrounding the pool area were stunning .
the pool itself was a nice size and the temperature of the water hovered around the chilly mark .
the beach was nice with plenty of chairs , umbrellas and hammocks .
the workers for the pool and beach area were always very helpful with the exception of the waiter staff for serving up drinks .
they were in short supply and we frequently went to the outdoor bar ourselves for our drinks .
the spa and fitness center were very nice with full days of scheduled workout classes by the hour starting at 7:00am .
the biggest disappointment was that several of the rooms on the property did not have balconies .
we were told it was due to the close proximity to the airport and the extreme noise from the planes .
we heard only muffled sounds from the airport in our room .
however , we heard our neighbors kids and conversations quite clearly in the connecting room .
the hotel was very accomodating and moved us right away into a new room .
at the ritz , we dined at il mulino which we would highly recommend .
the food was good and the service was exceptional .
we also dined at mares which was ok but expensive .
the service was not very good .
we also dined at the 3rd restaurant , a ny steakhouse , blt . the food was good , the price was high , and the setting was not nearly as intimate as il mulino .
we would recommend the restaurants , pamela in condado and tangerine in isla verde for dinner .
also , the bar in the san juan beach and sand hotel called liquid was a nice roof top venue which overlooked the ocean and beach .
amazing ! !
the ritz carlton san juan is absolutely amazing .
from the time i stepped out of the car i received the service that keeps me coming back to their hotels .
the hotel is breath taking , the grounds are beautiful , the pool is so big and open 24 hours .
the restaurants on site had mouth watering food and the staff is top notch .
the rooms were oversized and i could have had a party in the bathroom - that 's how large it was .
the ritz has a nice beach with hammocks and plenty of seating .
it rained one of the days i was there and the hotel offered movies , games inside , etc .
just simply an amazing hotel ! !
a really nice place this is an extremely nice hotel .
the staff go out of their way to take care of you .
the prices are extremely high , but you get most of what you pay for .
it would be nice if they had more of their food choice from local favorites rather than just american food !
we had so many great flavor choices on the island and none of them were here .
room service was excellent though .
wonderful hotel and service stayed at the ritz carlton three days , november 27,28,29,2006 and had a wonderful time . stayed on the club level floor which the staff there is absolutely great !
there is not anything you could ask for which they diid not do for you and the service was very personalized .
certainly worth the extra dollars for this type of pampered service . the rooms on the club level floor leave a little to be desired .
it was an average size with a small desk in one corner .
expected more to the room on this club floor . the ritz carlton grounds , hotel and pool were immaculate .
the casino serves you constantly .
they are always around and you can get anything from coffee and a snack to soft or alcaholic drinks .
all in all , i say kudos to the hotel and staff members .
great hotel for business or vacation this is a great hotel for either business or vacation ? ? expensive , but nice .
i stayed at the ritz carlton from nov 28 - dec 2. the first 2 days we held a business meeting there and we were all impressed with the hotel rooms , the meeting rooms and the service .
the meeting rooms had wireless internet service and the business lunches were very good .
the corporate rate was amazing : $165 ( it amounted to $200 after taxes and resort fee , which is still a great deal ) .
we didn?? get a room with a balcony , but the rooms still had a combination water view/pool view .
our prior meeting was held at the caribe hilton and this is a much better place to go for a meeting .
we had dinner at the italian restaurant in the hotel ( il mulino ) ? ? very
good and very expensive .
the portions are extremely large , so if you??e in a group i suggest sharing entrees or ordering the appetizer sized portions .
the last 2 days of my trip my sister joined me for a few days of vacation .
i was able to get the corporate rate for the remaining 2 days ? ? what a deal !
i got a pedicure at the spa ? ? even though i e - mailed my request for a spa treatment without the 24- hour notice , they were able to accommodate me at the requested time .
the posted rate was $75 but it ended up costing around $95 by the time they added tip and tax .
this was the most i have spent on a pedicure ? ? i hope it lasts .
the spa service was friendly and professional .
the fitness center was great and the classes were very good ? ? not easy at all .
if you take a few classes a day you are bound to return fitter than you arrived .
most of the cardio equipment had their own tvs .
all headphones were cleaned after use .
water bottles and fresh towels were placed on all pieces of equipment , and the instructors would hand out cold bottles .
the one negative about the fitness center was they only had 2 elliptical machines ( which everyone wanted to use ) , and they were very much in need of service , making loud banging noises if someone used them .
i found the noise quite annoying while i was exercising - they should have placed ??ut of service? ? notices on them .
the pool and the beach were nice .
there was just one pool and one hot tub , but there always seemed to be available chairs .
there were always lots of towel guys hanging around to find you a chair .
my only complaint about the pool area was the lack of beverage/food service .
there were only a few people taking food and drink orders ? ? not enough to cover everyone .
not one approached us to ask us if we wanted something ? ? we had to chase them down or go to the bar and order on our own .
i found this surprising because the ratio of hotel service people to guests was extremely high throughout the rest of the hotel ? ? twice when i asked how to find something ( a restaurant or meeting room ) , someone took the time to walk me there .
the rooms were nice .
the air conditioning was adjustable and there were flat screen tvs and free internet .
the one thing we didn?? like about the rooms was the lack of an internal privacy lock and lack of ??o not disturb? ? signs
( called ??hh? ? signs in the hotel ) .
our room did not have a ??hh? ? sign , and a member of the housekeeping staff walked in on my sister while she was getting dressed .
we then asked for a ??hh? ? sign for the door , which disappeared the next day ( perhaps taken by another guest who needed one ) .
i would prefer a privacy lock on the door .
i had an evening flight , and the hotel provides ??hanging rooms? ? rather than let you check out beyond 1:30 pm .
overall , this was a very nice hotel , which is why i?? taking the time to write this , and i would definitely go back .
this hotel is highly recommended for business travel and for a business meeting location .
it?? also a nice place for vacation travelers who aren?? pinching pennies and are ok with $24 breakfasts and $14 pina coladas .
nice hotel ok location enjoyed our stay at the ritz .
the hotel is very clean and the pool area is beautiful .
the beach is small but nice enough .
the people who work here are very friendly and try to do their best .
yes they could use a couple more waiters on the beach .
you almost feel sorry for the two that are running around to accomodate everyone .
just dont go to the beach thirsty .
stop by the lobby entrance everyday they provide a super tastey fruit juice .
we had dinner at il mulino and it was pretty much exactly like the il mulino in chicago , new york etc .
i made a reservation through the hotel but upon arriving they did not have it ?
not surprised by this because truthfully the hotel seemed alittle mismanaged .
asked the concierge 4 diffrent time to help me set up a trip to culebra and each time they told me they would call me and never did .
i finally set it up for myself .
by the way for 60bucks a person on a short flight ( isla nena fajardo airport ) it was worth it .
beautiful beach soft white sand clear blue water .
just be sure to bring off the mosquitos are crazy there !
for a nite out go to old san juan theres a lot more happening there .
the ritz dies down pretty early at nite .
for premium shopping hit condado this is a beautiful area with alot of construction going on but it is nice for daytime walking around .
cafe de angel is a great spot for lunch with super food at reasonable prices .
the ritz is great .
san juan is ok .
not to muchto do in san juan but gamble .
you will have to leave that area to really enjoy puerto rico .
one final warning do not go to lupi 's ( down the street from the ritz ) it is gross .
the worst mexican restaurant i have ever been to .
never got past the fake guacamole ( they say is fresh ) to order anymore .
kingdom by the sea ?
i think i understand some of the disagreement about this hotel .
when you go to the ritz , it 's like a fantasy . ,
you pay 300-500 a day and all the staff treat you like royalty .
they have been trained to know as many names as possible and to look you in the eye and smile and offer cheery hellos .
it is laid out in the ritz u - shape .
has a nice pool , high prices and everyone plays his or her part .
there are some problems , though .
the airport is very close and , although the rooms are soundproof , outside you can hear the jets roar .
there is some unevenness in the staff .
at the beach side restaurant our waiter got the order wrong and at the lounge inside we had to search for a waitperson .
still , all were polite and generally helpful .
the beach does not stand up to some florida beaches .
the biggest problem is the neighborhood .
within quick walking distance there are the kinds of things that will rock your kingdom .
strip centers , down that the heels restaurants and stores .
this is changing now but the highest end restaurant is also the highest volume - - noise wise , that is .
not remotely worth the $200 a couple for a meal ( if you choose a low priced wine ) .
again , not the staff 's fault but that of the designer who did not pay attention to acoustics .
so , the hotel is like most other ritzs but a little uneven in service .
it is however badly located and needs a new high end restaurant .
wonderful stay , clean beach we stayed here from july 26 through the 31st and this was the best hotel i have stayed at in puerto rico right under the conquistador .
what would make me choose this hotel over the el conquistador is the location and the beach .
also , the pool was magnificent !
the beach is super clean , except for a little seasonal seaweed in some spots .
the only issue we had with our room , which overlooked the pool and the ocean , was that one of our beds was not that clean .
but we brought this to the attention of the staff and they very quickly took care of it .
the bathroom is not that big but very modern and clean with large mirrors and marble countertops .
we enjoyed the high speed internet in our room , i brought my laptop .
and the flat screen was a plus .
this hotel is so quiet , the rooms are pretty much sound proof .
great for that kind of vacationer , if you want to party you will need to walk to some of the nearby lounges and night spots .
beautiful hotel  we truly enjoyed our 4 night stay at the ritz carlton on carolina beach in san juan .
they were nice enough to upgrade us to a jr suite on the 7th floor with overlooking the pool  the beautiful beach .
the room was nicely decorated and had a very large bathroom .
we inspected our sheets very closely and they did not have any holes like the other tripadvisor guests had complained about .
the nightly turn down service was a nice touch as well .
the pool and beach were both very clean and there were plenty of available chairs in either the sun or the shade .
the poolside wait staff was very slow ( waited 30 minutes with the flag up and no one stopped ) which was also a bit disappointing . the ritz is located adjacent to the san juan airport which makes for a very inexpensive cab ride when you first arrive .
the airport noise outside the front of the hotel is what you would expect when you are roughly an 1/4 of a mile away from the only runway to an international airport .
lets just say that you do not want to have a room that is on the airport side ( non - ocean view ) of the hotel .
the good news was that we could not hear anything from our room but i am sure the windows in the room directly across the hall were shaking all day long . the casinos are full of locals during the evenings and they are especially crowded on the weekends .
they offer a brief distraction but definately not worth spending more than 30 minutes or $20 which ever comes first .
we chose not to eat at any of the restaurants at the ritz since we are not keen on paying $34 for a $7 dollar steak .
a quick rainy getaway my family and i just returned back from a 5 day / 4 night stay at the ritz carlton san juan .
i enjoyed the ritz carlton , as it was clean , the staff was friendly , the location was convenient to the airport (7 minutes ) , and convenient to old san juan ( a must see ! ) .
the hotel grounds were beautiful ! i was prepared for the food to be expensive ( from reading other reviews ) , and yes it was !
unfortunately , it was only average tasting food .
the cost . . . . . . . $45.00- $55.00 for lunch for 2-3 people .
i went across the street to the metropol restaurant ( a recommendation from reading other reviews ) and ate there our last night in san juan .
better value for your money , and the pina colada 's are just as good , and cheaper .
the cost of a pina colada at the metropol $7.00 the cost at the ritz $14.00
because it was close to the airport , we could definitely hear the noise from the planes taking off .
i did not like that . the beach - it was very clean .
the water was nice .
it was a little cloudy , and somewhat clear , but not crystal clear like cancun , or jamaica , or the bahamaswe went in to old san juan .
that was probably the highlight of the trip ( due to the weather ) it was fun walking up and down the cobblestone streets , and shopping .
( girls . . . . . if you like coach and dooney  burke . . . there are outlet stores there , with good prices . )
we also toured el morro fort which was nice .
the view of the bay is great from there . the weather - it rained way too much for me , considering it was the middle of june .
that definitely put a damper on the activities .
it was gloomy for 1 entire day of my stay . the spa - i had a good massage there .
the prices are about average ( i am from la ) .
they include the gratuity in the cost of the massage . overall , nice getaway .
would i stay at the ritz again ?
only if i wanted to stay in san juan again .
if , and when i ever go back to puerto rico , i would stay further east , towards luquillo , or farjado .
great time at the ritz stayed one night at the ritz mid march before a cruise .
got a great rate through my company .
i was first put off by how close to the airport the hotel was ( i could see it out of my window when we landed ) .
these first jitters were immediately put off by pulling into the beautiful motor entrance at the ritz .
it was just after sunset and the entire hotel was lit up .
the huge fountain in the front courtyard was very inviting and set the tone for the rest of our experience .
upon pulling up , we were greeted by the most friendly doorman i have ever come across ( and i stay in a ton of 4-5 star hotels every year on business ) .
we were escorted to checkin and were addressed by name by everyone in the lobby .
checkin was quick and efficient .
even though i was paying well over half off the going rate ( my company has a killer corporate rate with ritz carlton ) , we were upgraded to a huge garden suite on the ground floor .
at first i was a little concerned with a ground floor room , but was told that it was one of the few balconies in the entire hotel , and it was a very nice room .
sure enough , it was alot more than a simple balcony .
it was an enormous garden area with two lounge chairs and table and chairs for four .
there was a large entryway to the suite , with a half bath and small kitchen .
there was a full dining room and on the other side a large living room with flat screen tv .
the bedroom was a little on the smallish size , but the bed was comfortable in ritz style , with desk , minibar , flat screen tv , its own entryway , and very large closet .
the bathroom had a separate room for the toilet , one sink with tons of amenities .
the only big complaint about the room was the fact there was no separate shower .
this is something i have come to exspect from staying in many rcs and four seasons , and i was a bit put off not to find one here .
the property is very nice .
because of our limited time , we did not dine in the big restaurant on property , 787 prime , but did have drinks in the bar which was nice .
at first i thought the service was very slow , but this was my new yorkness coming through , and through the week we were down in the carribean , i realized that life just moves at a slower pace down there .
drink prices were ok , about $14 for a top shelf cocktail .
there was an ok wine list , i was exspecting a little more variety .
we had breakfast in the lobby lounge , which at $17 pp was a bit pricey for what it was .
the food however was very good , but it would have been more fair in the $13-14 pp range .
we did have lunch at the oceanfront grill , which was very good , and while the prices were on the high side here , it was worth it .
you are overlooking a beautiful beach . the pool and beach facilities are where this property really excels .
the pool service includes restaurant style pool chair seating by an attendent , which eliminates the ever annoying fighting for chairs that is so prevelent at too many resorts .
the casino was nice , but i didnt bother gambling .
did not use the spa - - - simply not enough time .
overall , this was a very relaxing start to our vacation .
would i stay a whole week here ?
there are a ton of very nice resorts in the carribean id try first .
dont read that as a knock against the ritz san juan , but i have a very been there done that attitude towards places ive stayed .
we went all over san juan the night we were there ( its a $20 ride each way into old san juan ) .
after seeing a bunch of other hotels , we were very happy we stayed at the ritz - -it was by far the nicest we saw .
alot more calm and relaxing rather than in your face gambling and activity .
the only hotel that caught my eye was the el convento in old sj .
we had dinner there and it was very nice and very special .
bottom line is to give the ritz a try , i really think youll have a great time .
relaxing trip ! ! ! ! ! my wife and i stayed at the ritz carlton san juan during the first week of march .
the grounds and pool area are top notch .
the only reason i wouldnt give it 5 stars is because the service at the restaurants are sometimes extremely slow .
a couple of days it took 1 1/2 - 2 hours to complete our lunch .
we found this to be true at all restaurants throughout the island , i guess that just the way it is in puerto rico .
the rooms are a bit on the small side , and there are only 3 rooms per floor with balconies .
try to call in advance to grab one of the balconies .
we were lucky enough to run into janet and raquel at the front desk and they hooked us up with a balcony .
raquel and janet at the front desk are always looking to please .
concierge was wonderful in helping us out with dinner reservations .
try pikayo , it is located in a museum and is a very trendy fine dining experience .
do not listen to the reviews of people complaining about the sounds of aiplanes passing by .
yes you can hear them from time to time , but it is not bothersome at all .
we would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in san juan .
relaxing time at the ritz spent 4 nights at the ritz and have to agree with the previous review , its perfect for a few nights .
we had a room on the club level and not sure if it was worth the extra cost .
breakfast was bagels , fruit , and cereals with coffee and tea everyday .
light lunch was cold cuts and small egg salad and tuna sandwiches and sodas .
they had appetizers before dinnertime that was some cold shrimps and some spring rolls , things like that .
if you are a big eater do not count on the club room being enough .
prime 787 was excellent for dinner .
the room and hotel in general was very clean and the service was good .
i have stayed at other ritz proerties that were definitely better though . we had great massages at the spa and the pool was really nice with good service .
the gym is small but had good enough equipment .
january is high tourist season so i paid $549 per night for a club level room with a parking lot view .
overall , i am not sure if i would stay here again ( for that price at least ) but i have no complaints .
good , not great we just returned from 5 days at the ritz .
we found the hotel to be pretty nice .
we stayed in a standard room with a pool view , and the room was comfortable and certainly large enough .
the staff were very good and very nice , but the hotel was perhaps a little understaffed .
we arrived at 1 pm , and our room still was not ready at 3 pm check in time , and we had only fair service in the restaurants .
speaking of the restaurants , they 're probably our biggest area of complaint : the food ( except for the sushi bar ) was only fair , but prices for all food ( including the sushi bar ) were very high .
the cold buffet offering at breakfast ( includes bread , cereal , fruit ) cost $17/person ; a la carte two eggs any style cost $10 ( toast cost extra ) .
as for location , the hotel is walking distance to the runway at the airport , so when you 're sitting out by the beautiful and otherwise tranquil pool or on the pleasant beach , you can hear planes engines roar and take off periodically .
inside the hotel , however , you ca not hear a thing - the windows are well insulated .
still , i would not want a room facing the airport .
the area around the hotel is a bit grim .
i think it must have been quite posh twenty or more years ago , as the neighboring hotels the el san juan and the intercontinental both look like they date from the 70's .
but now the area looks a bit run down and there 's not much in isla verde where the hotel is located .
there 's a denny 's next door and some divey restaurants and stores .
if you do not want to eat at the ritz ( which i suggest ) , then it is a $14 to $19 cab ride to a decent restaurant , or a brief walk to either of the neighboring hotels which have some better offerings though no puerto rican food .
the concierge was helpful making recommendations and reservations , but there often was a queue .
one of the guys working at the pool told us to rent a car and drive to the rain forest rather than doing a tour arranged through the hotel 's trip desk for $70/person .
the concierge arranged the car rental for us ( $36/day ) and we drove there and had a great day .
as for other facilities , the hotel 's spa appeared to be quite nice and the gym was well equipped , and classes were offered throughout the day .
when we were there , the not - very - fancy casino had open about 4 blackjack tables , one or two craps tables , some other assorted card games and two roulette tables , plus a slew of slot machines .
it seems to attract a fair number of locals , especially on the weekend ; we had fun there .
overall , it was a good place for a quick romantic or relaxing get - away , but i would not bring kids here .
property ok ; service amazing we stayed for a week in december .
overall execellent .
on the downside , they took over an older property and therefore the building is a little worn .
my biggest problem with the building is that most rooms have no balcony ( the few rooms that do are a fortune ) .
in a place like pr , it 's nice to have a balcony to unwind on in the morning or evening and hear the crash of the waves .
without a balcony , you feel a little captive in your room .
also , the rooms on the east side face an apartment building .
you should definitely pay the few extra dollars for a pool view .
ask for a high floor as well so that you will also have a view of the ocean . that being said , on the service side , this place in a ritz all the way .
you will not find better service in pr .
every staff member treats you like a king .
no questions asked .
nothing you ask for is ever a problem .
the beach is beutiful too .
the casino is very nice and open all the time .
in sum , what this hotel lacks in terms of property it gains ( and then some ) in service .
the ritz experience , with a few hiccups this was our first time staying at a ritz - carlton , though we 've dined and gawked at others .
we headed down for a 48- hour rr break and decided on a little splurge using the fine hotels  resort rate offered to american express platinum card holders . if you have a plat card , by all means , avail yourself of this service .
for a $282 rate , we got an upgraded room overlooking the pool and ocean , which was characterized by the understated elegance the ritz - carlton is known for . the ample room came with a large plasma tv ( installed the week before , we were told and a peek in at other rooms revealed they had standard tvs ) .the pool area has more than enough lounge chairs , and the smallish beach offers hammocks , which help you overlook the fact that the airport runway is just over a strand of trees . the staff was unfailingly courteous and helpful to a fault , and a feeling of serenity pervaded our stay that made it seem longer . the problem : disappearing restaurant reservations .
first , we made them online .
i checked to confirm on arrival .
no record , so the concierge confirmed new reservations .
but when we went to the first one , at the caribbean grill , no record of us .
no worries , as it was not crowded .
food decent , only worth it for dinner if you 're not leaving the hotel grounds like us .
this is also where breakfast , included in our rate , is served .
my wife 's egg platter on our first day came out cold .
rather than cook the eggs , they simply stuck the whole plate under a broiler .
not the right way to do things . we confirmed a third time for the signature restaurant , prime 787, where we had a delicious albeit pricey meal - - though no more so than what a n . y .
steakhouse would cost .
only downer , when they tried to push a bottle of wine with a more recent vintage than what i ordered .
when i sent it back , the right year magically appeared next . despite that , i can highly recommend a stay .
the hustle and bustle of some resort hotels , which can often feel like a rail terminal at rush hour , is noticeably absent here .
you pay the price to feel special for the short time you are there , and on that account , the ritz - carlton almost uniformly delivers .
pleasant ritz experience compared to all other hotels in san juan ( with the exception of the el convento in old san juan ) , the ritz carlton is a wonderful hotel .
compared to other ritz carltons it is a typical ritz with a few minor glitches . in comparison to other hotels in puerto rico : unlike the wesj which has a great lobby but disgustingly dirty and outdated rooms , the rc is an oasis amid the aging and mostly unattractive san juan landscape .
most of san juan appears to have seen better days .
the ritz carlton , however , has kept up with the times , and you 'll find typical ritz carlton rooms ( nice fabrics , clean carpets , up to date amenities and services , nice fixtures , etc . ) and privacy .
the hotel 's pool is kept clean , the food served at the hotel is typical ritz ( not micehlin star level , but decent resort food ) and the attitude of the staff is pleasant and easygoing .
it may not be the outstanding service one would find at a four seasons , but it is gracious and forthcoming . in comparison to other ritz carltons : some things could stand a change : increase the number of poolstaff , increase the number of rooms with balconies and train the casino staff to be as welcoming as the rest of the hotel staff . personally , i will not be setting foot back in the ritz carlton in san juan .
not because of the hotel , which , along with the el convento , was like a sanctuary for us .
i just have no desire to set foot in puerto rico again .
in the future , when i plan on going to the caribbean , my wife and i will fly directly to st . martin where the friendliness of the people is amazing ( unlike that which we encountered in p . r . ) .
what could be !
a lovely facility and staff .
the wonderful pool was ruined by a crowd of disrespectful people who had no consideration for those around them , unless you like an i - pod with speakers blasting away !
very un - ritz - like .
the hotel staff had to be reqested by several guests to please do something .
they did , but the bad taste remained ! the main restaurant , prime 787, is spectaular !
the staff and food are second to none on the island , and deserve praise .
we had a great time . . . before you decide to stay at the ritz san juan , be comfortable with the fact that this hotel is in the city .
and san juan is not oahu .
there are not pretty flowers on the corners of pedestrian friendly streets , no high - end shops to pick up a hermes bag or burberry suit .
san juan is a gritty city .
you will walk past drunks/peddlers/homeless on the way to find dinner/lunch outside the hotel . that being said , san juan really is a fabulous city and we had a great time during our visit ( just got back last saturday after a week 's stay . )
san juan is a little like new orleans . . . a bit raw , but still a lot of fun .
on the ritz itself : our room was a nice , normal hotel room .
nothing fancy , no balconies ( there are very few at this hotel , and none of the windows open ) , nice bathroom , decent view ( partial ocean , partial parking lot . )staff was great .
lady in the lobby kept giving our son a balloon when we came down to watch the bands in the lobby , hang out before dinner , etc .
they also have board games , which came in handy during the rains we got . beach is average .
the water is sandy , not dirty - -the water 's just a slight bit choppy where the waves hit , and it kicks up a lot of sand .
once you go past where the waives break , it 's not sandy anymore . we thought the pool was great , and spent most our time there ( when it was not raining ) .
they did have to close the pool for cleaning when it finally was sunny , because flooding had dirtied it all up . use the concierge service , they recommended almost all the places we ate at outside of the hotel .
they have a big book of menus that comes in handy for browsing . the area : we loved old san juan , great places to eat there everywhere , and parking is easy in the two main parking garages .
there is some high end shopping in old san juan , and locals selling all sort of things .
places we ate in old san juan : lunch at the parrot club was great - -a casual , yuppy atmosphere .
had dinner at a great italian place called fratello 's .
a bit more formal , we felt slightly uncomfortable in jeans , but the food was fabulous .
also had dinner at el picateo in the el convento hotel .
it 's a great tapas restaurant in the courtyard of this beautiful little botique hotel . other places by the hotel where we ate were equally great .
everything is walkable , but again , it 's not really set up for pedestrian traffic .
we ate at the metropol , which is across the street practically .
was delicious .
also ate dinner at lupis , a local mexican chain .
ate lunch there too , a great ( relatively ) cheap place to go , away from the hotel .
we walked to the wyndham down the street for dinner on the top floor at the tequila bar and grill .
great views of the city/beach from there .
ate lunch at ciao mediterranean at the intercontinental , also within walking distance .
we had a bit of a hard time finding it within the hotel at first . . . it is literally on the beach .
the place we ate our last night in san juan was pamela 's in the numbero uno beach house .
it 's a 5-8 minute drive , but well worth it .
it 's in a gated community in this little house on the beach .
you park where the road dead ends , and the house is on the right .
you feel like you are in the wrong place , but you 're not .
we brought our 1 1/2 year old to all the places we ate , all were child friendly , even the more fancy ones .
our son loved all the fruit punch served in pr , all actually mixed on request , no bottled , pre - made .
and usually came with cherries and/or pineapples which he though was pretty cool .
we ate a few times at the ritz , but lunch for two adults and one child was $70.
so most times we ate elsewhere .
also stopped by the local pueblo grocery store down the road and bought milk for our toddler ( kept it in the minibar ) , and corona  tequila and margarita mix for the adults .
( drinks at hotel range from $10- $14 a pop . )if you are looking for a more natural setting , you 'd be better off on the east side of the island , by luquillo beach ( we did not get to go , but is supposedly the most beautiful beach on the island . )
el conquistador and the westin rio del mar are over in that area .
downside to those places are there are not as many fabulous places to eat outside of the pricey hotel restaurants .
next time i 'd like to split our stay between both areas . if you like outdoors , definately take a trip to el yunque rainforest .
do not bother with the tour groups if you have a car , its very tourist friendly and the visitors center has maps , etc . and you can then drive to and choose which trailhead you want to hike .
you can also look up the trails on the website for the park .
we loved this part of the trip .
a fair analysis of the r - c san juan my wife  i stayed here in march , 2005.
pros : finest hotel in puerto rico , without question .
service is fantastic , resort has very nice outdoor area with pool and lush gardens .
it is the first hotel out of the airport , which makes for easy quick getaway .
lots of activities and tours daily .
kid - friendly , in ritz - carlton style .
very nice spa facility with a great gym , many classes daily  tennis courts .
an oasis in isla verde . cons : puerto rico is not the finest island in the carribean .
the resort understandably attracts lots of families and is not a great romantic getaway for a couple .
many people are there on a corporate rate of $210/night .
casino attracts more locals than tourists .
beach  pool area can get very crowded on busy weekends .
rooms are very nice , but not as high - end as you might expect .
resort fee and taxes will run $100 additional/day .
be aware , there are many aggressive travelers ( read : new yorkers ) staying at this hotel ( of which i am one with a bit of self - awareness ) .
i hope this review helped in your decision .
feel free to email me for more info !
i have used this website often  am happy to help .
screams 5- stars at its best !
loved it !
my boyfriend and i stayed here for two nights during the thanksgiving holiday and felt there was no other hotel that could meet the quality of service and attention like the ritz ( we were greeted by name everytime we entered and exited the hotel ) !
from the rooms to the garden view to the beachfront and pool area , the surroundings screamed grand , quality , and comfort at its best .
i would not suggest the dining options inside the hotel though . .overpriced and not worth trying .
go to pikayo ( fine dining ) , el picoteo ( old san juan inside the el convento ) or tangerine ( water club hotel ) for a delight to your taste buds .
also , the clientele is . . . well . . . what you would expect at the ritz .
. . and lots of families with kids .
one more thing , the phone rang a few times in the middle of the night , but would stop after one ring ( this happend both nights ) .
overall , the service , attention , and the plush bed in our oceanview room was unbeatable .
at the ritz , your every wish is their command !
liked the ritz i stayed at the ritz in san juan for 1 night after a cruise (22 aug 04) .
the room (4406) was large and i loved the bathroom .
although i did find a hat in the room when i checked in that did not belong there .
the bed was very comfortable and the tub was nice and big .
i liked that the toilet was seperate from the tub and sink .
the room was comfortable and the staff extremely friendly and helpful .
the pool and casino are open 24 hours which is nice .
the casino is large ( for a hotel ) but seemed to be filled with mostly nickel machines .
i had a good one night 's stay there .
others in the group stayed longer and loved every minute of it .
i would stay there again .
exceptional three girlfriends and i stayed at the ritz from june 21-24, 2004.
i read the previous reviews for all of the hotels that we were interested in before booking and found the ritz to meet our specifications .
based on the reviews , i was slightly concerned before arrival .
although nothing compares to the atlantis hotel in the bahamas , we were pleasantly surprised .
the staff members were friendly , helpful , and made a point to learn your name .
we were greeted at the front doors each time we left and returned to the hotel .
the rooms were large enough and very clean .
the beds were very , very comfortable .
the bathroom was larger than usual , nicely decorated , and exceptionally clean .
soft jazz music was playing when arrived to our room on the first day .
our rooms were cleaned daily and restocked with fresh towels .
our beds were turned back , soft music was left playing and little chocolate candies were left on our pillows upon return to our rooms at night .
the pool area was pretty and not crowed at different times of the day .
the water at the beach was not as clean and beautiful as the courtyard but it was sufficient .
the casino was big and not smoke filled .
the prices at the spa far exceed any prices that you may expect to find at the most expensive spas in your home state .
they have a super gym with lots of equipment and a varied selection of exercise classes and times .
the food was somewhat overpriced so we ate at resturants that were within walking distance of the hotel .
the courtyard by marriott has a delicious dinner buffet for $19.95.
if you want more than danish , donuts , and bagels for breakfast , then do not eat the buffet at the ritz .
the courtyard also has a breakfast buffet for appoximately the same price as the ritz but meats , juice , and fruit are included .
we also found that the drinks were overpriced so we opted to play a few dollars on the slot machines to get free drinks .
strangely enough , although the airport was close by , we never heard any noise from the planes .
the band at the ritz was great .
they played all sorts of music .
we stayed on the 8th floor and the carpet in the hallway was a little outdated and worn but we did not smell any musty odors .
we travel a lot and are very selective about hotels .
moreover , if you are as picky about hotels as we are then , i would only recommend the ritz carlton and the courtyard for accommodations in san juan .
loved the ritz my wife and i stayed at the ritz carlton for an extended weekend on the way to culebra .
the property was beautiful , well appointed and we found the service to be excellent .
we have stayed with ritz in several other locations and found this hotel to match the quality that we expect from this chain .
in regards to the recent writer from houston concerned that the staff could not speak english . . . i think they should realize that they are visiting an area where spanish is the primary language , and if they want perfect english ( and beautiful escorts ) , they should visit florida .
puerto rico is a fascinating island and an exciting place to learn from those who live differently than us in texas and massachusetts .
at any rate , this has nothing to do with the ritz , but i could not resist .
enjoy san juan and consider the ritz carlton if you are looking for a wonderful experience .
a few problems ?
still a great place to stay ?
my husband and i just got back from a 4- night stay at the ritz - carlton in san juan , and overall had a wonderful stay there .
we found all the staff to be very helpful and friendly , always greeting us with a smile .
the property was beautiful , especially the pool area and lobby .
it is true that the rooms could use some updating - especially new carpet - but our room and bathroom was large ( at least for our nyc standards ) , comfortable , clean , and nicely decorated .
we had no trouble getting a king size bed , and another reviewer put it nicely , it was like sleeping on a cloud .
on the weekdays , housekeeping was a little slow to get to our room ( twice it was not done by 4pm ) , one night we did not receive turndown service , and i had to call to get new bathrobes when housekeeping removed them and forgot to replace .
this did not bother us too much since we were rarely in the room during the day , and during the weekend the housekeeping staff was much more on top of it .
the pool area was indeed crowded , but we were always able to find chairs ( even getting there late morning/early afternoon ) .
there is some airplane noise on the beach , less at the pool , and we never noticed it inside the hotel .
the beach is beautiful , but windy - at least when we were there - and they have nice hammocks set up under the palms .
we did not eat dinner at the hotel restaurants , preferring to head into old san juan , but the breakfast at the caribbean grill was always delicious .
also had very tasty cuban food at metropole (5 min .
walk from hotel ) - and for $35 for two people , dinner , beer , and dessert , it 's a great deal for a casual meal .
the nightlife at the ritz is pretty quiet , except for the casino on the weekend .
however , a very happening bar/nightclub scene is only a short walk away at the el san juan .
that was a fun place to spend an evening , but i do not think i 'd want to stay there as a guest .
overall , the ritz was exactly what we were looking for - a peaceful , beautiful place to enjoy the sun and be pampered .
for us , the few problems were merely momentary annoyances , and did not affect our enjoyment of the vacation .
we would definitely stay there again , and highly recommend it to others .
great hotel but not without flaws ! !
we just came back from this hotel on 2/15 and had a great time overall .
my summary is that the accomodations are first class , service by front desk , concierge , bellmen and housekeeping are excellent but not without some problems .
the only place i found average service was at the ocean/poolside restaurant staff . . . they were ok but not up to ritz standards .
you will find certain things annoying for this class of hotel like . . . i went to the fitness center and two of the open treadmills were not working ( apparantly broken ) . . so i told the guy and he could not get them working so he said he will get them repaired . . . after several other people tried to use them until i told him he needed to put a broken sign on them .
i promised my kids pasta for dinner at the poolside restaurant . .come dinner time we ordered and they told us it would take over an hour so i convinced my kids to get a hamburger and they could have ice cream but later . . . no ice cream .
i made a valentines dinner reservation a month in advance at the signature restaurant at the hotel the vinyard . .come 5:00 on valentines day i go to find out if my reservation was for 7 or 7:30. . .they tell me they do not have me listed and there is no room .
i was livid but i must say , they tried to do all they possibly could and they got me in someplace else , gave me transportation , etc .
all in all , do not expect the same great ritz service everywhere in the hotel but mostly it is very good .
the pool is great , especially for kids ( only 3- 3.5 feet deep and they give you pool floats ) one thing is to get up a reserve your pool chair early since it gets crowded .
the beach is also nice . . . great sand and shallow water . .but while we were there a little windy and shallow waves .
the ritz will get you a beach chair and umbrella and offers sailboats , kayaks , etc . for free use ( included , among other things , in the 10% resort fee surcharge they started charging in 2004) .
the spa and fitness center is very nice . . . bring your wallet . . . but good things cost $ . . right ? ? almost everybody uses it , especially for the signature messages .
the casino and lobby bar is faily quiet during the week and gets busier on the weekend .
you will see tourists and locals in the casino on the weekend .
over at the el san juan hotel that place is really hopping all the time and you will see lots of locals , hear spanish bands and people are dancing in the smokey lobby .
the csino is also more crowded and smokey than the ritz .
i recommend a visit to the el san juan but its nice to visit and then come back to the ritz .
since food is very expensive at the ritz , denny 's for breakfast is great and right around the corner .
what we paid at denny 's for 3 adults and two children bought one breakfast buffet at the ritz (22.50) .
however , the ritz does not have any other outside restaurants closeby . . you will have to walk or take a cab to get to other restauarants .
the el san juan/intercontinental are farther down and accross from some fast food places ( pizza hut , wendys , burger king ) and a grocery store ( where you can buy some water/soda/yogurt/cereal etc . for the room , otherwise you will pay $$$ at the ritz ) .
these hotels are maybe a 10 minute walk from the ritz .
the restaurants at the el san juan are very good and more to our liking than the ritz .
the italian restaurant piccolo is especially good .
the intercontinental has a ruth cris steakhouse but with the kids we went to the outback at the embassy suites (15 minute walk from ritz/ 5 minutes from el san juan hotel ) .
the ritz is very close to the airport and although at times the planes taking off are very loud , you do not notice it when out by the beach or pool and at night the sound is very muffled by the soundproofing built into the hotel . . . all in all . . the noise was not an issue .
the el san juan and intercontinental hotels are further down the road so i imagine noise is less of an issue .
the ritz rooms are very , very nice ( especially the bathrooms ) and small/average size .
great bed and frette linens for superior comfort .
the intercontinental is an older hotel and rooms not nearly as nice .
if i was going back , i would still stay at the ritz ( even with the valentines day fiasco ) .
the only way i can see people bad mouthing this place is because they are used to flawless service ( usually found at the ritz ) and anything else is a disappointment . . . .but if you can overlook some service issues and the price of drinks and food , you will have a wonderful time ! !
get a life - a great hotel i was apprehensive going here after reading the reviews - having just returned i feel the critics are nuts .
the rooms are just as advertised ( sdq footage etc ) - it 's not a four seasons - but you get what you pay for .
the staff was gracious and accomodating - the noise from airport not heard inside and nothing compared to living in dc or nyc .
i think the naysayers are folks who are splurging on a luxury hotel for the 1st time - -go back to motel 6 where you can count your pennies .
i 'd gladly recommend the ritz sj to anyone . . . .
much improved my husband and i recently returned from a trip to puerto rico and the el conquistador resort .
to preface our stay and expectations : we have previously stayed at this resort and las casitias both when it was a wyndham and after it was sold .
we travel often and always stay at 4-5 stars hotels .
with that said our last stay previous to this one was in 2006.
at that time the resort was under major construction and the rooms still needed re - modeling .
during this trip we were pleasantly surprised to see that most of the construction is done and the rooms were re - modeled .
to our pleasant surprise upon check in we were greeted by vip services and upgraded to an ocean view suite in la marina .
the room was huge with its own hot tub on the patio .
the beach and experience on the island was good .
the new boats are faster and more comfortable then the last boats and the island seemed to be in better repair with a new dock .
my only complaint about the island was that some days they did not seem to strictly enforce that guests of the hotel were the only ones able to access the island .
on the weekend there appeared to be more local people and some were not friendly or mindful of their children .
some of the pools are refurbished and overall no complaints here .
the restaurants were good , and as expected pricey , but its vacation and no more then ny prices so we were not upset .
one restaurant and one bar are still closed for re - model and due to open in a few weeks .
overall , we felt that the service was improved in all areas since our last stay .
service in the restaurants was excellent ( with the exception of the japanese which was good but seemed rushed ) .
housekeeping was adequate and done daily .
the funiculars were always working and bell service was very good .
we had the breakfast buffet included which i would recommend .
overall , i am impressed with the improved service and upgrading that is going on .
i think it is a much improved resort , with some areas still being worked on .
if it continues on this path i would return .
great resort ! ! ! average room .
we were attending a business meeting oct . 26-30.
we checked in on the 26th and out on nov . 1. , 2008.
i brought the entire family - wife and 3 kids ; 16, 13,  8. first the great : the staff were wonderful .
they are friendly , helpful , and patient .
service was not dependent on tips ( though they were appreciated ) .
the restaurants are world - class .
we ate at blossoms , the strip house , stingray cafe , and other pool area cafes ( warning : you will pay dearly for this quality ! ) .
the amenities are more than expected : a shuttle boat to the private island leaves every hour , the pools are varied and well - maintained , the shops are all - encompassing . now the good : the housekeeping is good .
we had a clean room every day , plenty of towels ( family of 5 remember ) , and refills on soap , shampoo , etc .
there are a number of hotel partnered activities : we went on the rainforest tour , the catarmaran snorkel trip , and the luminescent bay kayak trip .
thought the catarmaran tip was the most expensive ( $100 per person ) it was the most enjoyable .
i recommend it to snorkelers .
we also snorkeled at palomino island but be prepared for a 100 yard trek over rocks and sea grass before you reach the reef .
the cat drops you on top of a reef near icacos island ( highlight of th trip for us ) .
next time i would travel to the rainforest on my own and hike , rather than with a guide ( though our guide was very helpful , friendly , and educated ) .
the trip is aimed at older folks who are not very fit or find exercise a problem .
the kayak trip was nice but more of a workout than many in our group realized .
the poor guide had to tow 3 boats after a short period of rowing . ok , now the bad : the room quality just does not fit the rest of the hotel .
we stayed in 3503.
the wall plaster was chipped .
the room smelled strongly of mold .
the decor was dated and just generally worn .
the tub handle was broken .
people run up and down the hall at night knocking on doors .
good views from the balcony but beware if you have small children .
the railing is a little loose and also aged . my summary : i would return but would try to rent one of the newer condos at the south end of the resort rather than a hotel room .
our timing was great .
we felt like we had the resort to ourselves at times this last week of october .
not crowded at all early in the week .
it did get more crowded on the weekend .
there were days when we had palomino island to ourselves in the late afternoon ( except for the staff ) .
next time i would rent a car and see more of the island but this was a great first time for puerto rico and introduction to this wonderful island and its people .
loving and returing to the el conquistador in puerto rico my trip came to an end on august 31, 2008.
i must say my daughter , sister and i were sorry to leave the el conquistador spa and resort in farjado puerto rico .
before i left for my trip , i read several reviews on this website and after reading them , i was rethinking if i had made the right decision for our vacation spot , but that thought was quickly put to rest . we arrived on tuesday august 26, 2008.
we took the shuttle provided by the hotel and arrived quickly at our destination .
upon arriving we were greeted by friendly and informative staff , but there was one person in particular who was extremely nice and it was truly a pleasure doing business with him , mr . rogelio santos is truly a professional .
we were checked in , with no problems and shown to our room , given a small tour and left to enjoy paradise .
my room was an ocean view located near the marina , its also very close to the water park , if you have kids that 's where you want to be .
our first dining experience at the hotel was at cafe bell vista .
once again i had read the reviews of how expensive food was and was a little apprehensive , but was i pleasantly surprised at our meal and the price and wonderful service .
everything was freshly prepared and served by our wonderful server sally .
of course you are going to pay a little more , but that is to be expected but it was not outrageous and for the quality and quantity it was well worth it .
we also ate at cafe caribe .
once again the food was delicious and freshly prepared .
i thoroughly enjoyed the arroz con pollo .
i also suggest the ballyhoo , my sister had the steak with rice and beans , she could not stop talking about it .
drinks at the hotel are good and roughly the same price as i pay in any restaurant in new york .
i chose to avoid the more expensive restaurants upstairs because their prices seemed over the top for what they were offering . we enjoyed several days at the beach and did not venture out of the hotel because everything was there .
the food at the beach was very good .
i suggest the grilled chicken sandwich .
( do not drop any food because the roosters will be right there to eat it .
the beach also offers horse back riding , which is cheaper than what the hotel offers .
if you want to go on tours , they can be a little pricey .
private tours are available outside the hotel .
information for that was given by other guests who were staying there .
( i still have the number if anyone is interested . )
if you have a little time on your hands do not hesitate to visit the casino .
i would suggest a little more entertainment in the night club downstairs , or maybe even a beach party for the guests that would be nice .
i think guests would enjoy a little diversion .
lol . my only complaints are as follows : my daughter has a sensitive stomach , so i had to keep ginger ale on stock .
i paid $1.79 for a 10 oz botte .
they do not provide anything larger .
i spent roughly $20 on soda .
i would suggest having larger sizes .
the bugs will eat you alive , bring bug spray and anti - itch cream .
dining is outside in some restaurants , the bugs will get you .
since we were there around labor day weekend and there was a conference , i noticed that elevators and the funicular were broken during the weekend .
it was quickly prepared , but i can only attribute this towards the large groups that began to arrive .
it was an inconvenience , but the staff did everything to make sure the inconvenience was minimum . i went there for rest and relaxation and that is what i received .
the hotel is beautiful , the rooms are very modern and a pleasure to be sleep in .
the cleaning staff was always there to provide whatever i needed as well as all the staff .
i ca not wait to go back .
our stay at the el conq my wife and i recently returned from a five night stay at the eq with our two children ages 6 and 8.
we were a little unsure of what to expect given the varying reviews we have read .
we have traveled quite a bit in the caribbean with our kids and on a whole we were very pleased with the hotel .
here are some of our impressions , comments and tips . we purchased a ??oqui water park??ackage which included transportation on their shuttle bus to and from resort .
an eq rep was there at baggage claim and old us where their stand is .
we waited for our bags and walked over (2-3 minutes ) to their stand/pick up location .
we waited about five minutes for shuttle ( i imagine it can be longer ) to arrive and then another five minutes for a few more passengers to arrive .
shuttle was nice with on - board bathroom and refridgerated complimentary drinks like soda and bottled water which was a nice touch .
drive to resort took 1:10.
entrance area was very nice , set on high cliff with views of sea .
check in went smoothly and we received our requested room down at the marina section . as many have said this hotel is large .
with almost 1000 rooms it feels more like an ??ll inclusive? ? than a hotel .
bellman escorted us down to marina level via long walkways , an elevator and funicular .
we passed the casino , starbucks , and a number of small convenience store selling sundries , clothes , jewelry , sandwiches , sodas and bottled water . we were very pleased with our room which we found large and well decorated ( contemporary ) .
bathroom was large and room had good storage space .
if you chose to stay in marina level then perhaps request a room on fourth floor as ceilings are vaulted and hence very high . we proceeded to waterpark which was very close by and which we found very well done .
it has a regular pool , lazy river with tubes , one tube slide , one body slide and one speed slide .
as late july pool temp was 86 degrees plus .
there were lots of people and kids , and lines for slides were a bit long (5-15 minutes ) .
we found it fun but a bit loud ( music playing ) and ??oo - ey? ?
they have many chairs but are side to side to side and often taken .
we ended up going only twice out of five days .
we enjoyed , but only stayed about an hour each time .
if you purchase tix a la carte they are only avail for full day and cost $20 adults and $15 for kids .
it seemed quieter at end of day and imagine first thing when it opens . we then headed back up to bella vista resto which was outdoors and casual where we all enjoyed our meals .
we found prices very fair for these types of resorts and were impressed to see kids menus with most offerings at $6 per meal which included fries .
our package included buffet breakfast up at las brisas each day .
we found the enormous variety and quality of food as well as the service and views to be outstanding .
this was a great way to start each day .
we noted the a la carte price for adults ( $25) and kids ( $12) plus tax and tip to be around $90.
they also have an a la carte menu which looked reasonable . one of the important things to be sure to realize if you are considering this hotel is that there is no beach at the resort .
this is a detail that was fine for us for this trip but certainly is one that may not be for everyone .
yes they have their own private island which you reach by their very nice ten minute ferry ride but you must keep in mind that it can take quite some time and walking to get down to ferry from the main level , plus you are dependent on ferry times , with last one coming back at 5 pm before sunset .
in short , this is not a resort where you can simply ??ead down to the beach? ?
you must also be sure not to forget anything as returning to your hotel room will likely not be an option ( although there are two stores on island that sell basic beach stuff ) .
as i said , for us this was fine and just part of the experience staying there .
beaches themselves were very nice with palm trees and palapas for much needed shade .
we had no problem finding chairs even though the resort was 100% full .
minor problem was that beach on one ??ide? ? of
island had little breezes and quite a bit of seagrass in front , while beach on the ??ther side? ? (beaches are actually connected ) had lots of broken coral in the water .
having water shoes can help with this problem .
we all enjoyed being in the ocean and despite these pieces of coral everywhere in water , they don?? seem to be the kind that can cut you ( just ??other? ? you ) .
the beach area was quite crowded though with lots of people around ( and probably 500 + chairs ) so don?? come here expecting a quiet , secluded beach ? ? it?? more like a beach at an all - inclusive . there is a small deserted island not far away which i actually swam to and walked to but most people rent kayaks from resort to explore .
fun . snorkeling off the beach was half decent .
i?? spoiled and used to much better but if you swim around and find the right area you??l see some stuff . we had lunches at the island?? resto and again enjoyed .
service can be slow but no different than any other caribbean island .
they have a putting green and free putters and balls which we had fun playing . they also have full washrooms . we rented car on our second day from enterprise which has a desk in hotel .
can take some time to actually get your car as only one computer at desk but we were glad to have one as ventured out to some great spots like el yunque rainforest and good restuarants .
hotel is only about fifteen minutes from walgreens , walmart , mcd 's , pizza hut etc . . . after third day and given we were using car we found that it was becoming just too long a ??chlep? ? to
be heading up and down from marina level to car and so we switched to room up in main section on top which we found much more convenient ( the ??icker? ? had
been when i realized the night before that i was pretty sure i had left my camcorder and camera in bag in truck of car and wanted to be sure so left room and set stop watch : it took me 35 minutes to head up from marina to car park and back with quite a bit of walking ! )we had lunch by the beautiful main pool up top which we enjoyed as well as another good dinner down at the ballyou bar and grill in the marina section near the water .
all these restos were outdoors and on the casual side and prices were fine for resort . check out was fine , with no problems with our bill . only complaint and reason we give 4 stars and not 5 was that we found the resort was a bit rough around the edges .
for example , my wife and two kids got stuck in an elevator for ten minutes which was hot and scary .
at one point one of the two funiculars was broken which meant for a 15 minute wait for one .
up at main level we found both key elevators not working for a few hours one morning so had to find others .
i elected not to bring my laptop as i had called and was told that there was a business center i could use any time - problem was that for the entire five days we were there the three computers in the center were all ??ut of order? ?
one night we took kids to game room which requires tokens but both machines were ??ut of order? ?
one night i went to get ice and both machines on our floor had no ice .
you kind of get the picture . having said that we know that we would definitely return to this resort which we felt was of very good value given the time of year .
if anyone has any more questions about the el conq you can pm me .
loved it we had a a great stay ! !
after reading some of the reviews i was a little worried .
we booked the coqui water park package .
it was a great deal .
sure the park is small , but wonderful for people with smaller kids ( ours are 6 and 9) .
both of my kids could go down the slides by themselves ( at its deepest it was 3' 6) .
we loved the breakfast .
the longest we waited for a table was about 15 minutes .
the line for the omelets was long about 15 to 20 minutes .
we arrived to the hotel at about 7:30 am .
we were concerned that they would make us wait until 4:00 to check in .
they actually checked us in when we arrived and upgraded us to the marina ( at no charge ) .
everyone was extremely nice and helpful .
we were a little disappointed in palomino island ( the private beach ) .
the ferry ride out was lovely , but the water was quite rocky on the bottom or covered in sea grass .
my kids did not like to be in the water .
it was a lovely view .
we spent our days at seven seas beach which was about 5 minutes from the resort .
we rented a car at the hotel for 5 days at the enterprise .
we opted for the insurance and it cost us a total of $289 for the week ( w/o insurance it would have been $189) .
because food was so expensive , it was cheaper to rent a car and eat off of the resort .
we also bought sandwich meat , bread , sodas and other things and ate in the room or set a blanket out in the grass and enjoyed the beautiful view .
there is a small refrigerator in the room .
the funnicular was nice in the beginning , but we got tired of waiting to get on it every day .
plan on walking a lot ! ! !
i wore a pedometer and the walk from our hotel room to the parking lot was about 1400+ steps .
the people on the island are very laid back so if you expect to get quick service you will be disappointed .
whenever we had a problem it was taken care of .
we would definitely stay here again ! ! !
great vacations i just visited this hotel with my family .
we stayed at las casitas village for 7 nights .
the villa?? view was spectacular and was very clean .
we called guest service a couple of times and were quickly assisted .
we never had any problems with towels or linen , they were very attentive with our needs .
lilliam in las casitas reception was always very useful , as well as all bell staff and the waiters from infinity pool .
we went to coqui waterpark but it was raining so much , we could enjoy it very much .
also , went to palomino which is beautiful , yet the drinks at the beach are watery ( not good at all ) .
but overall , it was a nice vacation , i hope to come next year as well .
wonderful experience !
i recently stated at el conquistador for 5 days 4 nights in june , 2008.
the views were breath taking , the service was great and the rooms were a good size and very clean .
since my room was on the ground level we were compensated with an ocean view that included a balcony .
tthe property is very extensive and does require lots of walking , living in nyc , walking is nothing new to me but to those who drive it might take a while to adjust .
to get to palamino island , every morning after our $50 buffet brunch for two at las brisas , we would trek the walk to the tram to take the ferry that would take us to the island .
in hindsight this probably took about 45 min but my boyfriend and i were on vacation - what 's the rush ?
the island has plenty of activities and seating to lay back and relax .
spending $15 on water daily became ridiculous so after a couple of days we rented a car and headed to the local supermarket about 25 minutes away to get water and snacks .
dansani water is 3 bucks a pop on the resort .
if you decide to take the bioluminescent bay tour do not pay the hotel 's fee of $90.
walk down to the marina around 5:30 pm , pass the parking lot into the local park ( if you can call it a park ) .
the kayaking tour guides line up and for $40 will give you a 3 hour tour .
so by walking 15 minutes i saved myself 50 bucks !
i loved the hotel and the prices are comparable to nyc ? ? my only wish to make this vacation even better is an all inclusive option ? ? which the hotel does not provide .
other that i recommend this hotel wholeheartedly !
family vacation we just returned from puerto rico on may 2,2008 after being there for 1 week with our family .
we had travelled with our kids 3 and 6 years old .
we had booked the reservation directly thru the hotel website and purchased the coqui water park package including breakfast for 4 and i am glad i did .
our kids had a great time at this resort .
the waterpark was perfect for them .
they had a zero entry pool with a little kids slide and the pool goes as deep as 4'6 so you can actually swim a little .
they had 3 larger waterslides and my 3 year old was able to go onto the slide that requires an intertube ( they have tandems and singles ) and my 6 year old could do one of the other slides by herself .
there are additional pools up at the main hotel to use also .
everyday we went to palomino island to unwind a little and we all enjoyed this part of the day as well .
the boat ride was something my kids thought was fun to do .
the island is nice , has bathrooms , and a restaurant .
i would be careful into the ocean as it is pretty rocky initially but gets better as you go further in .
it remains shallow for quite a distance from shore .
the island and the coqui waterpark only takes room charge and no cash transactions .
everywhere else they give you a choice .
the rooms were nice and clean and maid service came early and did a good job .
believe the reviews about food prices .
the food prices are very inflated however , if you prepare yourself then there should be no issue .
the water in the room is $7 per bottle , however in the main lobby you can get a bottle for $2.25 or at starbucks for $2.50 per bottle .
ballyhoo was the only place that we had a bad experience with dining .
we ate at stingrays and had good food and good service .
there is a restaurant up by the main lobby that overlooks the pool that has the lowest priced menu that we had seen . . . the menu is limited but with kids a hotdog or pizza is just fine for them !
as i mentioned we had purchased the package which included the daily buffet breakfast for 4, daily entry to the water park full day , and our transportation to and from the hotel .
for us this worked out well .
there was one small error on our hotel bill and it was easily taken care of no problems at all .
there were no surprise surcharges other then the ones you had charged to your room .
the package includes all the taxes and resort fees so you have a clear idea of how much your vacation will cost you .
the hotel is large . .but this should be no surprise to anyone if you read how big the resort is on there website .
so plan on walking a little more then if you are at a smaller resort .
we had an ocean view room down by the marina but closer to the water park and thought this was a great location for us .
if we were to go back to puerto rico we would definitely stay at this resort again .
great girls trip at las casitas village at el conquistador we had a group of 13 ladies between two casitas and we had a great experience at the resort .
everyone on staff was very helpful but there were several who stood out .
carmen , a concierge , was extremely helpful prior to our arrival and answered many questions and helped make transportation arrangements .
wilfredo , our butler , was fantastic and took care of any requests very quickly .
omar at the ballyhoo bar was great , too .
the food was really good throughout the resort .
the pools were beautiful and the property was very well maintained .
loved stay , however , i can appreciate concerns of others i enjoyed my stay and never left the hotel even though we had a car .
the good .
found my room well decorated , clean .
loved taking the ferry to the island .
the place is so big , you can spend two days just walking around .
blossoms was fun with my toddler at the tappani section ( the chefs cook at your table ) .
the afternoon guy at the concierge was informative and fun .
view from my room .
we ate in several establishments , the food was always fast and the staff was very good with my 2 1/2 year old son .
lots of space even though the hotel was full , it never seemed crowded .
relaxingthe bad .
to get reservations on the phone was almost impossible .
later , it was almost always a problem to get the front desk on the phone .
i kid you not , it took at least 15 minutes for an adult ( walking quickly ) to go from my room in the los olas section to the front desk .
this was the biggest problem for me .
the tv services also did not work .
prices are in my opinion crazy .
the section we stayed in which was a deluxe ocean view needed some work .
one staircase that we needed to take everytime we came and left our room , both railings were broken .
also the same area needed some cleaning and renovation . kids on the map i had , (which they gave me at the front desk ) they show a playground and someone mentioned activities for little ones .
the conceirge advised me there is no longer a playground and they have no activities for kids of 2 1/2.
they have a little game room .
if they had activities for kids , the frontdesk never advised me of any activities . activities
no scheduled activites in the pool area or at the beach , no live music anywhere in the hotel . all this being said , i ca not wait to go back .
i would only go when they are doing a promotion ( discount ) and i would take some items to save a little money .
drinks , snacks , fruit , maybe bread and some kind of spread .
$3 and up for water $6 for one serving ice tea ( no free refill ) 
tips for el conquistador my family traveled to the el conquistador during easter week .
it was our fourth visit to the resort .
we have a nine year old and a seventeen year old .
we booked a partial ocean view and got a great ocean view room in las brisas .
first of all , i would recommend renting a car .
self park your car for around $10 a day .
stop at walgreens in fajardo and pick up breakfast items .
the prices for meals are outrageous .
we had breakfast in our room every morning .
i would recommend lunch when you can at the little sweet corner cafe near the funicular .
we ate lunch there a few times for around $30 for 4 people .
you will pay 60-80 at the other places .
we traveled off the resort for dinner .
there is a sizzler about 10 minutes away by car in fajardo off rt . 3.
in addition , there are other fast food choices like wendys and mcdonalds .
we ate one meal at blossoms for $130.
the food and service was average .
the room itself was pretty nice .
we had trouble with no hot water one morning .
the pools and water park were nice .
the grounds and views at the resort are outstanding .
the resort was crowded since it was easter break for families .
i saw an advertisement ( we stayed near the airport on the last night ) for puerto rico residents for 129 a night .
i paid 185 plus taxes .
it is better to come here in the summer when it is cheaper and less crowded .
i would recommend the hotel if you have never been there .
however , i plan to look at another resort for my next vacation .
made great new friends i read alot of the reviews on this site .
i feel that the conventions do take away from the experience .
we had the opportunity to enjoy the resort before ubs came in .
after that large crowds of families came to the resort .
it does take away from the resort .
be aware the ugly american has arrived .
( and i 'm from new jersey , lol . )bottom line , we made many new friends .
jessica colon , the concierge supervisor is the kindest , most caring person we have run across in many hotels .
well before our trip we lost two family members .
jessica , was so kind and attentive that i decided to take a private car to the resort instead of the bus provided .
just to pick up flowers for her .
jessica set us up with millinium limos .
pedro the owner ( whom i never met ) provided superior service .
nestor , our friend and driver was fantastic .
i could not imagine the island without nestor .
nestor , took us and our friends to old san juan .
his knowledge and experience made our trip second to none . norman , the bell captain , truly , made us feel like family .
i know that norman is now welcome in our home , as we are in his .
we spent alot of time talking to him .
he is a wonderful person . selelnia , our server at the pool , was wonderful .
luis , louis and juan were also great . however , selenia was the best .
not knowing that adopting one was adopting all the servers .
it got to the point that we were hugging so many people we thought we were family .
it was nice . restaurantswe never had a bad meal .
you do have to exercise your will at blossom .
the japanese hibachi side will go really fast unless you control the timing . striphouse , great nyc steakhouse .
nyc prices .
stingray , good food , when busy they put tables on the walkway .
ask for the terrace or inside . otellos , got to be served by christian and his crew .
dancing , singing and phenom service .
again , i think they are coming to live at my house and they are welcome , lol . martini bar , violin music while relaxing before or after dinner . anyway , expensive .
we saw many people being rude to the staff because of prices .
heard many people abusing the staff for no rational reason other than they were disgruntled over prices .
good dinning at the pool at night , i heard . bottom line we could hardly walk through the resort with out hugging , embracing and kissing staff membersas a matter of fact , other guests were rather rude to us because we never waited for a table , everyone knew our name and we never waited in a line .
also did not play the towel game either . ask if a convention is booked .
ask if the resort is full .
then meet your extended family .
the el conquistador staff will surprise you if given the chance .
book las casitas ( we did not cause we did not know ) nice people , new friends , big bucks and enjoy ! you get what you pay for , and you get new family if you are not jerks .
we got a deal but still expensive !
i recently stayed at el conquistador for just one night with my family ( husband and 3 teens ) and actually had a nice time .
my daughter and i stayed here 2 years ago for a week and enjoyed it then also .
so the good stuff , we had a nice room in las olas ( which i prefer ) , comfy beds , huge bathroom , nicely decorated .
the water park was fun .
we got a very cheap ( relatively ) rate .
we enjoyed dinner at the strip house .
the water park manager gave us the half day rate at noon time .
not as good , very expensive food and generally not very good .
long walk to the rooms and the water park not much better than the pools at many hotels we have been at .
do not get me wrong , i will probably go back but it 's not the ritz ! my best hint , many of the rooms in las olas are considered garden view even though some actually have great ocean views .
also despite the distance las olas is like a little resort within the resort .
quiet with a nice pool for only 40 or so rooms .
definitely much less hectic than the rest of the hotel .
fun , but i do not know if we 'll go again we enjoyed our trip , although this place is very expensive .
we knew that going in , but wow ! ! ! also , we were not a part of a very large group of chase people who pretty much took over .
it would have been nice to know that going in ! ! ! we stayed in a beautiful casita and it felt like we had our own private home on the ocean .
gorgeous view ! ! ! !the staff goes over and above to help .
we had a butler name luiz who was wonderful , but we did not utilize him as much as we should have . the casino is small and i did not see anyone win ever . the only real problem i had was that our two 5 year olds were not tall enough to go down the water slides and we spent a fortune to get in . the best food and service was at otellos .
very good , but expensive .
overall , we had a great time , but i do not think we 'll go back .
great for kids but overall overpriced overall we had a great time at the el conquistador with virtually no problems or hiccups .
i would never recommend this hotel for those without kids , but if you do have kids ( we have a 1 year old ) you never have to worry that someone will be upset when your child melts down and has a tantrum in the middle of dinner since the table next to you is probably having the same problem .
the whole place is very family friendly . pro 's were nice renovated room ( las marinas level ) , loved palomino island - the best thing about the whole place , great service , idiot - proof pick - up at the airport and delivery to your room . con 's were mostly related to food .
there were two options : (1) spend way too much for ok food ( ie $70 for chicken and rice for two and a couple drinks ) or (2) spend an insane amount for pretty good food ( ie $150 at one of the higher end restaurants ) .
even breakfast for two at the nice buffet was $60.
all that money spent and we still felt like we might get scurvy if we stayed too long .
very few fresh veggies , no fresh fish ( unless at the upscale restaurant ) , no fresh fruit cocktails that we found . so if you are coming with kids and expecting to be gouged you should do fine .
great family trip !
we loved our stay at el conquistador !
there really were no ( unpleasant ) surprises .
we knew that it was a large , sprawling resort .
we knew that there was a funicular that would take you to the different levels of the resort - that was part of the fun .
there is now a new music genre - funicular music - one step above elevator music !
we knew there would be a lot of families - afterall there 's a brand new waterpark and a great island for snorkeling and other beach activities .
we also knew that it was president 's week and school break so we were prepared for lots of people .
this did not hinder our stay in the slightest - i guess we were part of the lots of people !
though i would not hesitate to plan an adults only trip here as well .
with the wonderful restaurants ( the strip house was phenomenal ) , the spa , the golf , the bars and the casino - it would make for a terrific getaway for adults , too . we will definitely return !
fun vacation at the el conquistador in fajardo puerto rico my family and i stayed at the el conquistador for a week in feb durning school vacation .
we were driven to the hotel from the airport by a private driver .
we enjoyed having a driver since he knew the area very well and had great stories to share about the island .
once we got to the resort we were stunned with the amazing ocean view .
pictures do not do it justice you must see it with your own eyes .
check in was easy a little line since it was school break .
we did request a better room but no one followed through on it .
rooms - we had 2 rooms in the main section of the hotel , the older section .
my parents were on the first floor so the view from their balcony was not as nice as ours on the 4th floor .
my room had no dvd player and a very small balcony basically just a huge window .
we did have a beautiful view !
our hallway floor was getting repainted or some type of work done on it so the workers placed towels under our doors so water would not seep through .
the room was bright , pretty big and a large bathroom .
it was great to leave the windows open at night so we could hear the ocean . resort/pools - the lobby is huge .
there are tons of little stores inside the lobby including a starbucks which was packed every morning !
there are local bands that perform great music in the lobby at around 10:30 p . m , fun to watch everyone dancing .
we did not go to the casino but it looked nice .
we did wish that the hotel had more info on events that were happening durning our stay .
the pool was great .
we reserved 4 chairs early in the a . m under a palm tree .
the cabanas at the pool costed $218 for just one day .
there is a great pool bar as well .
the water park we did not use because it looked like there was construction going on .
all in all everything at the resort is expensive but we did know that going into it after reading other reviews .
the hotel is very spread out and sometimes can be complicated but after the first day we got the hang of it . palomino island was great .
we had so much fun on the island .
the boat ride over was lots of fun and it was also a quick ride 8-10 mins .
once on the island each person gets one towel .
the beach is calm and serene once you get away from the dock area .
there are many cabanas and lots of chairs .
there is also a place to eat and tons of water activities .
the coolest part was just being on our own island and seeing the resort up in the mountains .
the ferry comes every 30 mins and the crew on board is very nice .
you do have to take the funicular down to the marina so give yourself plenty of travel time .
the funicular is pretty fast , there sometimes can be a line which is to be expected .
tip : try to avoid taking the funicular around 5-6 p . m if you can .
we had to wait 30-40 mins in line for the funicular at that time since that is when everyone leaves palomino island and the water park to go back to their rooms .
food and drinks were very expensive but again we did know that .
we loved stingray and bella vistas .
we also had a lot of fun at ballyhoo bar and grill which was down near the marina .
it has great views of the ocean and everyone there was very helpful and fun to talk to .
the bartenders were great and told us where some of the new york yankee players live and other famous people that they met . we also went to pasion fugeo for dinner outside of the hotel . . . . . great food , lots of fun to leave the resort and see fajardo ! we had a very good time at el conquistador but were a little disappointed with our rooms since they were in an older section .
the employees were great , very helpful and always saying hola to us ! lastly , it is always windy at the el conquistador since it is so close to the ocean and it can be a little chilly at night .
nice resort , good for family vacations we stayed at the resort on feb 5th 2008 a couple days after the water park opened .
the resort is huge with a lot to do .
i definately recommend going out to the private island and spending your days there rather than at the pool .
the water park is also a nice activity for a couple hours if you have kids . our hotel room was very spacious , nice decor and a beautiful view of the ocean .
we stayed in the las brisas rooms which is on the main hotel level .
i definately recommend staying in this location . the food was ok .
i recommend eating at sting ray and the strip house or the italian restaurant .
i do not recommend the blossoms .
fantastic i stayed at el conquistador early this year .
first , the service was great .
all of the staff members were very helpful .
in particular , marisol bosque setup my reservation and i could not have been more pleased with her service and her ability to accommodate me in short notice .
if anyone is looking to book a vacation with a group they should definitely ask for her .
i will absolutely stay at this hotel every time i visit pr .
the rooms were spacious and had great views .
in addition to marisol , diana cortes was very helpful during my checkout process .
the spa was by far the best that i have ever been to .
i could not get enough of the spa treatment .
overall , i had a great time .
thanks for the experience .
beautiful location the resort location is stunning , the newly renovated rooms are trendy and comfy and the pools and private island beautiful .
great golf course .
however the service and staff is not top level .
we received a cold welcome/greeting at the reception , and didnt get access to our room until 5pm , even if we were promised the room at 3pm .
when calling concierge , the line was often busy with no waiting system .
service in the pool bars/restaurant was below average and on out on the island we waited 20 minutes to order a drink in the bar .
it was not busy at all but the bartender ingnored us and a another staffer was just hanging out and advised he only served food .
by the main pool area , i specifically asked if a certain sandwich came with fries , and the waiter said yes .
it then came without , and when i asked for the fries i had to wait and was then charged extra for them .
not the end of the world , but with the rates of the el conq , you expect top notch service .
i still recommed this resort though since the location is stunning and amenities are very good .
we stayed 3 nights/4 days .
really good and bad . . .
we stayed at the el conquistador the first week in october .
first what was good : it 's beautiful ! ! ! ! ! really stunning !
the views are amazing , the private island was heaven , the casino was fun , and you can rent a car from the hotel , which was convenient . what 's bad : one word : construction ! ! ! !
we had to change rooms , only to end up in another room with construction right next door ( which was unbearably loud ! )
the hotel was probably sick of complaints and they were not very sympathetic about it .
also , the food was average , at best , and really , really expensive . having said this , when the costruction ends this place will be amazing ( unless your a foodie ! )i would go back - the beauty of the place outweighed all else .
beautiful views , but at a cost !
got a great deal through hotwire . com on this place - nice deluxe room , which was comfortable and impressive - equally impressive was the 2 inch roach inside the hotel guide which rather shattered the first impression of luxury .
again , beautiful views from the room but everything is very expensive - breakfast $25 per person per day , internet and parking , similar fees .
the private island is a novelty , but by the time you ride the tram down to the dock and the boat to the island , the novelty wears off .
bottom line - glad we went there , glad to have seen the views , glad we had a rental car to escape to town where we could afford to eat , glad we only stayed a couple of days .
convention attendee first , understand that i was atttending a convention , i looked at the pools but never took a dip , rode the water taxi but never touched the sand on the private island , walked the casino but never lost a cent and admired the golf course but never made a putt . second the resort is now called the el conquistador golf resort and casino . the negatives .
the water level got to be about a foot deep in the tub while i showered , good thing i was rooming alone because it took a couple of hours for it to drain .
i checked with the guest in the room below me and he indicated that his drain worked just fine .
i called engineering about 4 times for assistance , i am pretty sure that help did not arrrive for about 8 hours , and though his intensions were good the results were poor , water still pooled in the tub .
next , i requested a wake up call for 7:00 am on the day of departure that i am still waiting for .
on my last day i figured i could squeeze in a fast trip to the private island for a swim .
i was on the water taxi that departs at 9:00 am only to find out that the chef was running late and we departed at about 9:30, well there went my swim .
the boat could have left , went to the island , dropped off the vacationers and returnded by 9:30, why we waited i will never know .
the television did not have a signal at first , but that was corrected quickly and i never turned it on again .
the bar at the marina was out of local beer ? the positives .
the front desk clerk , nilmari , had a smile when i checked - in and a smile when i departed .
she was polite , courteous and made me feel welcomed .
the room located in a two story building surrounding the marina at the bottom of the funicular was clean , comfortable and airy .
the bed was quite comfortable and the linens fresh .
the bathroom was spotless , spacious and the vent worked .
no musty smell , no mold and no insects ( if only the drain worked ) !
there was a small deli by the funicular at the top of the hill , not many selections but lunch and snacks were fresh and the prices were reasonable .
i did not have a chance to eat at any of the hotel restaurants , however there was a spot about a mile outside the main gate heading to the left , pasion por el fogon that is worth going to . would i stay here again ?
yes , the overall experience was good .
amazing views ! ! ! i was afraid to stay at this hotel after reading some of the reviews , but i am so very happy to say that we has a great time , the views from the resort are just some of the best i have seen .
the view from the infinity pool is just so awsome and the way the pool is built on the side of the hill , it really looks as if you will just slide off the side .
we were very lucky we got a newly renovated room and a partial ocean view , we were offered an ocean view but is is not as private and quite , because they are renovating down the hill it is not to noisy but we really wanted the most private spot that would still offer a great partial view of the ocean if you can , ask to stay at the las brisas partial ocean view in one of the renovated rooms .
the new rooms have an ipod dock so it was great because both my daughters were able to charge thier ipods and listen to thier music .
there is also a small fridge in the bathroom .
i really liked that the new rooms have plenty of drawer space it made it very easy for us to unpack and not have to share a drawer there were four of us my husband and my two teenage daughters .
we usally stay at an embassy or a condo , but i really did not want to cook and i always wanted to stay at this resort .
i have been coming to puerto rico for the past 8 years and i have to say that i love this place the best ! !there is renovation going on in the hotel but it did not affect us in anyway , just if you look around the property you will see people working in some of the areas away from las brisas wing , and the main pool area .
i am so glad that the new owners are renovating this property it is located in such an amazing spot that it is really worth staying here .
the cons about this property is that the food is expensive , but we always rent a car when we are in puerto rico , and we where able to eat at the many many places within five to ten minutes away .
we even went to walmart which is five minutes away and brought snacks , yogurts , parmalat milk and were able to have food when ever we wanted .
there was no coffee pot in the room , so we purchased a $8.00 4 cup coffee maker at walmart along with $2.00 bag of puerto rican cofffee and my husband and i would enjoy our coffee everymorning on the balcony .
if you are going to stay here i would really suggest a rental car , because there is so much to do around this area and we drove to old san juan using the new route 66 which really does cut down on the traffic .
we stayed here for 9 days and the service was great , it does get busy at the resort on friday and saturday because they hold thier local conventions thier on the weekends , but the resort is so large that you can find a great spot no matter where you are . the front desk staff was great , roberto , iyveannet , ivette , and the best waitress was minex .
the boat to the private beach is new and a quick 10 minute ride to the private island . . i loved the island , we had water shoes so we where able to walk far out and enjoy .
also there are two spots where they have chairs , one right at the dock and one around the bend from there .
we rented the jet skis , for $70.
for half an hour but since we did that on a tuesday there was no one else renting them so we where out for forty five minutes !
you can pull your chair into the water and lay on you chair in the water that was so relaxing .
i loved it .
my favorite spot on the resort hands down was the infinity pool over by las casitas , it is a five minute walk thru the pool areas over to las casitas or you can ask for a ride from the golf cart at the bell station .
the view and peace and quiet from this spot was the best i have seen by far .
i have been to alot of infinity pools and the negative edge on this one was the best .
when you first get in this pool you dont see the edge it is so cool .
you really have to get close to finally see the edge .
i cant wait to be able to go back and stay again . any
questions please email me .
experienced traveler review when reading the reviews for the el con , it can be kind of scary , even taking into account the knowledge that most people writing reviews are doing it because they had a bad experience . as someone who travels quite a bit for business and pleasure , i was leary of the el con because of some of the bad reviews , yet the dramatic 'loved it ' or 'hated it ' was confusing .
i needed a quick trip without a passport , so i gave it a shot . the resort itself is beautiful and kept immaculate .
everything i saw there was very well maintained .
it was a busy weekend and the main hotel was booked so we were moved to las casitas .
if you have kids , stay at the main hotel , more activities for kids .
if you want peace and quite and can spend a few extra bucks , i highly recommend staying at las casitas .
it is only a minute or two walk between the main hotel and las casitas . the staff was exceptionally friendly and very eager to please .
palamino island is incredible .
rent some snorkelling gear and swim to the little island , quite impressive fish and sea life . the hotel casino is very small , if you are a gambler , you are a long way from vegas .
two blackjack tables , 1 poker table , 1 roulette wheel , 1 craps table , 1 carribean stud table , that 's it for table games .
only 4 video poker machines .
save your gambling $$ for vegas , rent a snorkel and enjoy the beautiful fish on palamino . the things i would agree with most reviews on is the prices on food and billing issues .
the resort is in an area where you probably wo not want to leave the resort , so you are left only with the resort restaraunts .
i went expecting resort prices , maybe 20% over nyc or vegas , but it was considerably higher .
dinner for 2 in the italian restaraunt was over $100, with simply one app and 2 entrees ( add the $65 bottle of wine that would go for maybe $30 in an nyc restaraunt , grand total of over $185) .
breakfast at las casitas cafe was usually around $50. ( french toast - 17, omlette 19, plus drinks ) .
breakfast buffet at las brisas rest is good , but at $25 per person , can be pricey for just breakfast .
the food and service were exceptional in every restaraunt , but if you are staying for more than a day or two it can start to get expensive . several reviews complianed about the el con billing .
i am dealing with this right now .
be sure to check your bill carefully and make sure everything is correct and you are paying for the correct account .
it was not the fault of the desk person , it seems they have a lousy system .
thus far they have been very helpful in resolving the issue . i would definitely stay at the el con again and recommend it .
i would suggest staying at las casitas , and if you can , get a casita with a kitchen and hit at one of the grocery stores close by .
if you can have a couple of meals in your casita , you 'll be able to make up the difference in price on the room vs eating every meal in the restaraunts .
if you stay at las casitas , rent a car at the airport , it 's cheaper than the el con shuttle , parking at las casitas is free , and you can run out to the store to save a few bucks .
parking at the el con is 15-20 a day . go for the beautiful beach and sea life on palamino , super friendly people , and well kept resort .
plan ahead for extra food budget and make sure you check your bill when before you pay when checking out .
paradise gone bad we have recently came back to what we hoped , a great 15 year anniversary trip .
this place came highly reconmend to us by people who have traveled extensively and who i trust .
the hotelis renoun for its service our so we thought .
i booked through the casino at the resort because me and my wife like to gamble a little .
the casnio is small but with a cosy personailty .
here is where the nightmare began on our anniversary night we had a great dinner at the strip house with is a premire steak house the food was excellent and service was above average .
we decided to go to the casino around 11.30 p . m . for texas holdem limt play .
my wife gracelessly asked if i would like to take the only empty seat at the one table they had .
i sat down while she put her name on the waiting list for the next seat several others that came in after us also put there name on the waiting list .
about 35 minutes went by , be for there was a open seat at the table , a gentleman who had just arrived at the casino took a seat my wife informed the dealer that she had been waiting for the seat for 35 minutes and her name was next on the list .
the dealer continued to ignore her and continued to allow the gentleman who afford to give the seat up since there was a waiting list the dealer informed my wife that he would have the seat since he is a man and she could wait .
sexual discrimanation at its worst she in formed the pit bose who also ignoed her and then procedded to ask for the casnio manager who also gave her lip service wanting to voice my opionin in the mattter but not wanting to trump my wife handling of this matter i continued to be a spectator , after the situation continued with not the slightest apology or resolution , she told me she was going up stairs to pack and that we checking out after that , but for me to continue my game till then .
they had numerous opportunities to apologize to her but they never did .
they did offer us dinner on them witch we refused .
this casnio is poorly ran with the dealers not knowning the rules and pit boses who are not capable of making sound judgements as to the gaming rules , not all the dealers and pit boses , but most are poorly trained .
when my wife came down to say she was ready to check out at 3.00am , i gatherd my chips and in the hast to leave took my cards that we in play at the table with my chips .
they offerd me a 3 night comp till this day i have never recieved our room comp that they said should make up for the blatent sexual discrimination that presist in the el conquistador resorts casino .
. so women beware sexual discrimination is alive and well in that resort .
it truely could be one of the premire resorts in the caribbean , it is a shame the management will not step up and address this issue , as any competent resort would .
they will never make that 5 star if this is not changed .
great resort i can tell they are making major improvements i have to say that i too was a little concerned after having read the many previous reviews . to the best of my knowledge many of the rooms have been completely renovated .
a previous review had suggested the las brisas section of the resort .
i asked for this section and in fact the room was completely renovated .
the flooring , furniture and bedding were if brand new .
the ocean view from this section was incredible .
the room was spotlessly clean . the balcony is great for having breakfast in the am . the bathrooms are oversized with a separate room off the bathwhich is similar to a walk in closet .
i also found the hallway corridors to have fresh paint and new carpeting . since
i am not a big breakfast person , i was fine with havinga hot ham and cheese croissant ( $3.75) or a large pastry for ( $2) from david 's cookies .
they also had cereal for ( $2) . i did notice at cafe caribe a breakfast special for ( $8.95) which included coffee or pancakes for ( $6.95) . we ate twice at cafe bella vista which is the outdoor restaurant near the pool .
as mentioned in many previous blogs the pizza is more than enough for two with prices ( $17 - $20) and excellant . two people ordering a non alcholic beverage could dine if splitting a pizza for $30 including tip total for two . a burger and fries at cafe caribe was ( $11) . the portion sizes seemed quite large .
with the recent improvements to this resort i would rate it as a four star .
i found the service to be excellant from the front desk , housekeeping and the wait staff at the restaurants . previous blogs had mentioned that a mandatory tip was includedwhen dining and the cash was not accepted .
the five times that i dined in the resort the tip was at my discretion and cash or credit card was an option . i found the beds very comfortable and the entire resort well kept . a previous blog had mentioned a wait for the funicular down to the water .
there are two and one was being repaired but i found the wait to be only a few minutes . my advise is to ask for a las brisas section room or at besta renovated room .
when i walked into the room my response was wow , it was just like the pic on the el con web site .
the only room renovations that i saw still going on were near the marina .
in the caribbean prices are higher than in most of the us .
there are dining options for all budgets at this resort . food costs are lower if staying in san juan but there are not really any walkable dining options that i found due to the size of the property and its secluded location .
i have to say with the ocean view dining it was personally worth it to me to pay a couple dollars extra per person per meal .
i did not dine at the fine dining options requiring other than casual attire . if you are renting a car , you will pass a walgreens and walmart enroute to the resort . if
you wish to stock up on snacks and drinks .
the refrigerator inthe room is not stocked and it actually kept the drinks cold . my experience with reviews is that half are good and half not so good .
i work for american express in the travel biz and would never want to have a resort ruin my vacation or a clients for that matter .
it is great that luxury resorts bought this property and is putting money into it to make it a four star resort again . i would love to return to the el con .
beautiful hotel this hotel was absolutely beautiful .
the lobby , the rooms , and the grounds were just stunning .
i ca not imagine a more beautiful property .
the staff was all quite pleasant and helpful .
the steakhouse had one of the most tender and yummy steaks i have ever eaten - and the japanese hibachi restaurant was also amazing . the problem with this hotel is its location .
about 45 minutes outside of sanjuan , and not really near anything else .
the restaurants are pretty pricey , but you 're not near anything else to even go to .
wonderful views , do not forget your sunscreen !
this is a really great property with nice pools and an amazing private island ( really one of the prettiest places i have ever seen ) but i say do not forget the sunscreen because if you do , it 's gonna cost you .
$20 to be exact .
yep , if you forget anything while you are staying here you better be prepared to pay dearly for it .
oh , and if you want to eat , you better be willing to pay up , big time .
i am no cheapie , but $16 for a burger was a little high and almost $20 for two well drinks was a bit over the top !
i loved this place , but make sure you bring lots of extra cash for food , drinks , parking etc . and try not to leave any essentials at home because they charge a ton for little stuff .
we had a great view from our room , stay oceanfront ! !
it is such a great thing to wake up to !
we took our two kids and they loved it , especially the awesome pools .
i am glad we stayed here , but really wish there were some sort of affordable food options , there just is not quite yet .
beautiful resort and island overall , the resort was beautiful , but palamino island ( resort 's private island ) made the vacation .
as with other reviewers , we found the prices of food and drink at each of the resort restaurants to be quite high , but we were on a much needed vacation and did not care .
for those nights where we did not want to purchase the high - priced fare , there were several conveniently located stores and restaurants in the fajardo area .
the room was a bit dated , but not unclean and felt relatively safe .
there was a problem with the in - room safe - box and security personnel took care of the problem immediately .
i would recommend this resport to others with the advice to expect high prices and to request a modernized room prior to checking in .
very beautiful hotel with great views .
it was well worth it ! ! ! ! !
we just returned from a 5 day/4 night stay at the el conquistador .
we had a very good time !
before we left we made sure to read the reviews and were a little scared after seeing all the negative reviews .
in fact , we almost cancelled the trip after reading that someone got bedbugs at the hotel .
but in the end we decided to continue our trip because we figured that there was just no way that it could be that bad . . . . and after returning from the trip i?? glad we did not listen to all those negative posting . the resort itself it beautiful .
the views you will see there are unlike any others that i ve ever encountered .
they are simply breathtaking .
the resort is about an hour from the airport and far from the city , but to me that was one of its best features .
san juan is very congested and there are only a few beachfront hotels and none that have views like that of the el conquistador .
also being so far out gave us a chance to see the countryside of the island , which is something that you won?? encounter if you stay in the city .
the resort is very big and although the hotel might be at capacity you do not feel crowed at all .
our check in/out was very smooth and only took minutes .
we had a garden view room that was very spacious with an incredible view of the tennis courts and the golf course .
the room itself was average at best .
the room was very outdated and was screaming for an upgrade .
the comforter on the bed was from the 80s maybe 70s and was very hard .
the sheets on our bed were never changed the entire stay , unless all their sheets have holes in them .
the room was clean and there was no mold or leaking ceilings to report like mentioned in the other reviews .
overall the room was okay , but by no stretch of the imagination could it be considered 5 star .
( oh , and beware if you get a garden view room , the birds will chirp all night long .
so if you cant sleep through that , you might want to upgrade .
however it didn?? bother us , and we were actually amused by it . )
palomino island is beautiful with white beaches and crystal clear blue water perfect for snorkeling .
you had to get on the funicular and a ferry to get to the beach , but it was not at all the hassle i read about .
usually we got on the funicular without a wait , but on a few occasions we waited at the most 5- minutes .
the ride on the ferry only took about 10 minutes to get to the beach .
the food and the drinks on the island ( and the entire hotel ) were not that great .
the drinks were watery and the food was mediocre at best .
the prices for the food was high but it was to be expected at a resort .
the service was slow at all the daytime restaurants and it was almost like the wait staff were on vacation too .
several people advised us that there are good local restaurants in walking distant from the hotel near the marinas .
we did not get a chance to find them but i would advise people to eat off of the resort and to rent a car so you do not have to be stuck at the hotel .
while there were plenty off activities to choose from during the day , the nightlife was very dull .
the casino was small and not that entertaining .
casablanca , the club on the resort , was always empty .
on our last night there i looked through one of the books in the hotel room and discovered that there were an array of different nighttime activities to choose from like taking a sunset cruise or private dinners at the marina .
if you??e the adventurous type i would recommend the bioluminescent bay kayak adventure at night .
its very exciting and most people say that its the highlight of their trip .
if you have a rental car i would recommend going to old san juan for a day .
its a very historic town with lots to see and do .
if you do not have a car and have to go with a tour group i would recommend going with the group that doesn?? include the rum factor .
do not get me wrong , the rum factor is nice as well , but it does not compare to exploring the streets of old san juan .
we did the combination tour and only had two hours in old san juan .
we found ourselves racing back to the bus and there was still a ton of stuff to see and do .
i felt like we missed out on a lot and really didn?? get a taste of what old san juan had to offer .
overall our trip to puerto rico was really great and i would return to the hotel when i go back .
i know for next time to rent a car so i will be able to see more sites and be able to dine at local restaurants .
if you??e looking for a laidback getaway without all the crowds and the tourist , this place is for you .
if you??e younger and are looking for more of a party scene and a high - energy nightlife , this is not the place for you .
but either way puerto rico is a beautiful place and you??e guaranteed to have a good time ! !
beautiful views , huge property , but not 5 star we had a great deal staying there for 3 days and 2 nights $379/person including plane ticket and car rental at the airport .
this was our second time there and we were better prepared this time .
some tips :1) reserve a car at the airport .
confirm car at the airport before getting on the shuttle to pick up the car ( cause you have to deal with lines there . )2)
before getting to conquistador there is a walmart , walgreens , supermarkets , etc .
if you 're frugal like me and do not want to pay an arm and a leg for beer , chips , soda , and water , buy all your groceries and bring them in .
make sure your room has a refrigerator as well as one for the snack bar (2 fridges ) though they both were not very cold .3)
if not peak season , try to get a room closer to the funnicular ( the elevator - like tram that takes you to the ferry .
we had to trek for 7 minutes from one end to the other end .
ferry runs everyday beginning at 9:30am every half hour and takes only about 7 minutes .4)
i snuck water and snacks over to the island cause i 'm too cheap to pay their prices although my husband says they deserve the money since they spent a lot of capital on that manmade island .5)
while driving on the highway , rte 3? ?
i think it was , there are lots of stands along the highway .
mofongos which are crushed up plantains with seafood are not bad .
there 's a restaurant called la casita blanca that 's near the airport which serves local puerto rican food .
google it .6)
plan the trips to culebra and vieques carefully .
we did not have time to do either cause we did not look at the schedule until we got there and it was too late to go and come back .
if you want to check out the bioluminescent bay in vieques you have to stay overnight though i hear that 's the prettier one than in the main island itself . as for the room and its properties , it was not dirty ( like insects everywhere and stains all over ) but it was not spotless either .
i stepped on old cigarette butts in the balcony when i got close to the edge to take a picture of the water ( which was very pretty by the way ) . . .
if you 're not a picky person , the rooms wo not bother you really .
for the price we paid and the amount of money we did not spend at the hotel , it was well worth it .
great place to relax but it is not a 5 star went on a girls long weekend , the grounds are beautiful and i would highly recommend staying at the casitas .
while everything is connected , the el conquistador hotel was huge and the pool area was massive - lots of chairs , lots of people , i felt like it was spring break - ish .
the casitas were more secluded and the pool area ( not the one by the restaurant ) was spectacular - we used it everyday and did not even venture to the island that the resort has .
i have stayed in many hotels ( i am a big business traveler ) , and if you say you are a 5 star , then i expect a certain level .
while everyone was nice and accomodating , i can safely say the rooms are not 5 star qualilty ( we moved because the first room we were placed in was at best , a room that you would get at a quality inn ) .
the second room had a balcony and a view of nothing much but it was far superior than the first room .
we were moved quickly and the butler ( nice name for a bell boy ) was very social .
the service was not 5 star , they were nice but s - l - o - w , and considering they include a 20% tip in every transaction , why should they servers go faster ?
everyday , we had to go and find a server to come to the pool area .
at the pool , we would havedrinks and lunch and bill was always around $100 - we did not drink anything fancy it is just that expensive .
a diet coke can was 4.95, just for an example of the prices .
we got room service and it was another $100.
they charge you double the service charge to deliver to the casitas and the 20% tip .
the marina area is dumpy and the los olos area is not much nicer , we only went to the marina to get picked up for the bioluminecent tour .
the kayaking was nice but make sure you use bug spray , i did and still have 12 bites on one arm .
good experience to go into the lagoon and you do get wet , so bring a towel for when you are finished .
do not bring cameras , etc . they will get wet . got pizza from one of the restaurants and it was fabulous .
seriously , the best meal we had .
ate at strip , and it was very good , the service was exceptional and the manager on duty was doing everything right , he came by our table and ensured everything was going well ( not obtrusively . .just wanted to take care of his guests ) .
i would recommend this place for a nice dinner . had massages at the spa , and i thought they did a nice job .
efficient , on time and most of all , i felt as thought i had gotten a massage .
we rented a car at the airport and it worked out well for us .
you do not have to pay for parking if you stay at the casitas but will if you stay at the el conquistador ( like 15/day or something ) .
overall , i would stay at this hotel again , but would remember it is not a 5 star but a 4 star in need of some fancier rooms ( lost water one morning and the faucets were poorly attached to the sink ) , some more training of the staff ( housekeeping was hit/miss and no turn down service - the cornerstone of 5 star service ) and more maintenance of the common areas ( someone broke glass in front our entrance , it was cleaned up somewhat but a bunch of glass remained and probably is still there ) .
my experience and a few $ tips beautiful location , amazing views , nice pools , a variety of places to eat , nice staff , small casino . . . well , i 'm sure you have seen the hotel website ! .
we just came back from a 5 days stay at el conquistador and all i can say is that we had a wonderful experience .
housekeeping of our room was always good , perhaps on the 4th day ( thursday ) it was a little short as the hotel was crowded with newcomers and the checkouts of people on conferences .
however , i must add that on the 4th night i called guest requests and asked them to make the sofabed of our room and i was impressed by how quickly they got to our room to get it done . i know that each guest at a hotel gets a unique experience , so , this is mine !
i ca not wait to go back and spend more time by the pool , or at the palomino island , or even just to take the water taxi to palomino and enjoy the ocean breeze and the views .
at night , it was fun to waste a few dollars at the casino and watch the serious players or just walk around ! .
you can listen to some music ( live music on weekends ) , dance , or simply have a drink outside at brisas cafe ( i think that 's the name ! ) .
there is a nice bar and seafood restaurant by the marina area .
there are lots of nice seating areas in the hotel , so you can just sit and relax .
my $ tips . . . one thing to keep in mind when booking a hotel like el conquistador is that regardless of the room deal that you may find , ( who does not like to get a designers pair of jeans at 75% cleareance ! ! ) the reality is that the prices for food will most likely remain the same , no deal there .
i say this because i am surprise by the amount of reviews pointing at the high cost of meals . . . i honestly think that the prices are fair , for the most part .
the italian restaurant had a sunset deal from 6 to 7:30 which was ok , $40 for a 3 course meal , not bad ! , i wo not recommend it after 7:30 pm .
the prices at the asian , steak house and seafood restaurants were , in my opinion , reasonable and competitive when compared to similar restaurants in pr or the us , main entrees range from $17 to over $40 pp , i 'll say that 's average .
breakfast can range from $4 to $25 per person . . . i . e . , you can get a ham  cheese bagel and coffee for about $4 at the cookies ' place , or the whole 9 yrds at the $25 buffet , where kids under 4 wo not pay , or have a breakfast special at the restaurant in front of the casino for about $8-10.
you can also stock up your room with some breakfast items that wo not require refrigeration ( i . e .
cereals ) .
you can buy a 1/2 gallon of milk at the cookies store ( about $4) and keep it in your room small refrigerator ( when traveling with kids , milk is essential . . . you should have their favorite snacks also ) .
the hotel provides you with 2 top quality prican coffee packs for your room coffee maker everyday .
the bkfst buffet is really good ! but once during the stay is enough , you wo not need lunch after the buffet .
drinks are what they are !
always costly in hotels .
you can basically buy all kinds of alcoholic beverages components at any local grocery store , so , you can keep some in your room , there 's plenty of ice available .
otherwise , be ready to pay from $6 to $10 for beers  cocktails .
as for lunch , average cost is about $17 but i highly recommend sharing , so that makes it less than $9 per person , not bad and more than enough food .
you can try local restaurants , prican food is really good and local restaurants are usually less expensive .
definetly try the seafood stuffed arepas or coconut arepas , you can get them at las croabas , near the hotel , a short walk from the marina ( hotel dock ) where there are many places that sell them from $4 to $6, nice lunch alternative or mid - afternoon snack , so that you can have a very late dinner .
ask the employees , they 'll help with directions .
last but not less important , kids portions , you can get some from $4 to $8 at the restaurants by the pool or the one by the casino , but keep in mind that the high end restaurants which open after 6pm do not have many choices for kids ( the asian does ) .
this is a great destination , do what works best for you ! ! 
great experience !
the new remodeled rooms are very beautiful and comfortable .
new ammenities like bigger closet and sofa to watch tv where totally unexpected for me .
also , enjoyed the food and service staff really outdid themselves in catering all my family 's needs .
i definitely recommended for your next trip ! ! !
amazing room and view , but isolated first the good things : i booked this hotel for $150 plus tax at priceline . com
for march 3-7, 2006.
it was accepted on the first bid so i might have been able to go a bit lower .
this is the peak season so everything in san juan was either booked or very expensive .
the staff was very friendly and accomodating ( do not really understand what happened to the other reviewers ) and instead of giving us a garden view room we received a deluxe ocean view room at no additional charge !
i think this is because i requested a room as far away from the new addition construction as possible and the hotel was slightly empty .
anyway , guest services responds to every request prompty ( bath robes , extra sugar , washclothes , etc ) and follows up with a call .
the view from the room is spectacular and if you stay up all night , the sun rises directly across from the hotel over the small private island and the caribbean sea .
the island had beautiful sand and water .
the hotel grounds are very nice and it is pleasant to walk around or hit the slot machines for fun .
next , the not - bad - but - just - want - to - mention things : everything at the hotel is ridiculously expensive .
apparently , everything having to do with tourists on the island is ridiculously expensive ( unless you hit the local bbq stand ) .
i mean , more expensive that maui or germany or greece or singapore !
we 're talking tokyo prices ( $17 for a turkey and ham club sandwich + 20% tax + $4 room delivery ) .
however , there is one spot tucked away at the hotel where things are reasonably priced ( only if you live in california or nyc ) at the base of the hotel right before you get on the funicular called david 's cookies - sandwiches are good , lattes good , good selection of pastries .
next , i personally , like to have a beach at my doorstep .
i get pretty lazy while on vacation and getting out of the hotel room in the morning takes a while - tack on the extra 20 minutes to get to and wait for the ferry and the 10 minutes on the ferry and the fact that the last boat leaves the island at 530p , then there are only a few hours left to spend at the beach .
for serious beach dwellers , i would suggest staying in isla verde where you can literally be at the beach all day taking only a few minor excursions to grab some food/coffee .
next , the hotel is very very very isolated from anything remotely cool or fun .
luckily , we had a convertible and drove around after the private island shut down and pretty much headed to san juan every night ( stuff does not stay open very late there , either ) .
i guess i 'm used to late nights with food and music , but these activities do not exist in puerto rico on weekdays .
the rainforest is nice but the road only goes in for about 30 minutes .
be warned that while driving into el yunque there is a portal to the rainforest where the forest service charges $3/per person in the car but this is not to get into the rainforest .
it 's simply three bucks each to go to the gift shop and to get a map .
the guy who sold us the tickets put is this way : welcome to el yunque , enter here to receieve a map from the tourist center .
it 's three dollars each for the gift shop .
that 's six dollars , you pay now .
of course , i fell into the trap ( as did the three cars before us ) thinking that this was due to poor english ( ha ha ! my boyfriend and i were giving them props for being so convincing ) paid the $6 and drove into a dead end parking lot .
i got my money back but everyone else i saw just picked up a map and drove off , even waving at the attendant and thanking him .
the drive through the rain forest is free - do not be fooled .
so , overall i 'd have to say that the hotel is really really nice and comfortable .
but taking in the bigger pictures of the hotel 's location and the fact that puerto rico is really not that lively and the food selection is not that good , i would suggest either staying in san juan or realizing that you want a very sedate vacation at a nice resort and that you can rent a car and take some trips outside the hotel .
seriously , do not even think about not renting a car unless you do not mind being held hostage to the hotel .
final unsolicited impression on puerto rico - hawaii is way better when it comes to food and driving excursions and you 'll probably save some money too ( shocking ) .
fantastic grounds and staff , outdated rooms after reading the many mixed reviews on this stie , i was terrified of what we had in store at this hotel .
we won this on priceline from the mid 250s which is not cheap but quite low compared to the 375 and up rates for the president 's day weekend we were there .
was it worth that price ?
but had i paid what some people on this site list as prices they paid , i 'd have definitely been happier with the deal .
i think this place has many pluses and negatives , and they kind of balance out .
for me , the two big negatives were the state of the rooms ( mentioned repeatedly in other reviews posted here ) and the total lack of security - not necessarily in thefts ( we had nothing stolen ) but in who roams the grounds freely at what hours , access to swimming pools and various parts of the resorts ( see below ) .the first thing to note about this hotel is that the grounds and location on the cliff are heavenly .
gorgeous views from every part of the grounds - and a beautiful golf course .
if you just spend most of your time walking around the different parts of the hotel , you ca not deny how lovely the location is .
the pools are also quite nice , especially very late at night when there are not too many people around and the locals populating them have left . . . and there are many pools to choose from .
however , it is not really practical to attempt to get anywhere with the funicular ( including lower level rooms , or pools , so avoid those ) .
i highly recommend avoiding the rooms at marino or the mid - level las olas village if you plan on going to the casino , restaurants , or if you have a car you have to retreive at any point of time ( by the way , use the valet service for car , its the best extra $5 you will ever spend ) .
the las brisas wing is redone and the photos i was shown looked spectacular but it is quite pricey - about 125-165 more than an ocean view room in the la vista section .
we had one ocean view room ( via upgrade ) n la vista , and one garden view .
the surprise is the garden view , on 6th floor , was ten times better than the much pricier ocean view .
if you can get a room that is closest to the spa on the garden/golf course side , such that you do not have to look in on all the construction , or tennis courts ( this would be the very farthest rooms a the end of la vista farthest from lobby ) and if you can get it on the 5th or 6th floor , you will have a far better room than any full ocean view room in la vista .
the garden and golf course views from the upper la vista levels are just spectacular , and you also have a huge balcony .
the ocean view rooms are smaller , cramped , and with very dirty windows you may not be able to open !
but as i said , the value all depends on what you pay .
be prepared for most things in the room not to function and just decide to spend time outside the room .
i am very picky about hotel rooms and had i not already read every single review on tripadvisor , i would have been shocked upon arrival and far more miserable - luckily i arrived with low expectations .
the out of date state of the rooms was less disturbing than the filth .
one of our rooms had food cookies and pretzels on the carpet when we arrived , and a huge puddle .
there was hair on the bathroom floor in both rooms we had .
i do not think these rooms are cleaned properly at all and there is little hope they will be .
on the plus side , the staff worked incredibly hard to get us a new room when i complained ( the food on carpet was too much ! ) -
once we got over the hair - cookies - pretzels issues , i tried not to notice the many other new problems in our new rooms - the remote not working in one room , the cordless phone totally broken in the other , the coffee pot and safe not functioning in one room , and so on . . . . there are only so many times you can change rooms and you just have to decide to leave the room and hang out on the grounds and the pools or the casino and enjoy the sun and sea .
if you ca not live with room problems and you need a fantastic four or five star room , do not go to this resort .
at best three star rooms with one star cleaning . . . .
but in my opinion its worth ignoring the rooms and just sleeping in them in the evening ( and not much else ) .
on the plus side the staff are really lovely and helpful and go out of their way to try to fix the problems that arise .
not that housekeeping will understand a single word of english , but the way i saw it we were guests in another land ( u . s . territory or not ! )now the issue of security : there is absolutey none .
on our first evening there , despite the resort being fully booked , it became clear that many many locals simply show up at the hotel and go straight to the different pools .
in fact the infinity pool at the casitas was only visiting locals ( at a supposedly exclusive pool ) .
we walked around there , chatted , took photos - noone will stop you - no one asks anyone if they are hotel guests .
this became apparant through the trip .
there is noone stopping you to see your room card for any part of this resort except palomina .
there is nothing to stop you from parking your car in various spots available all around the resort , esp .
around the casitas village , and walking in , to any pool area at this resort , swimming , etc . and then leaving when you please .
the same goes for any part of the grounds .
we ventured into so many places we were supposedly not supposed to , and even as guests - it was a bit disturbing .
we also had an incident where the tied up mini - bar ( yes , the tie it up with a plastic cord ! ! ) was cut open even though we had a do not disturb sign on the door during the period we left our room , which we had to report to their security center .
from the many detailed forms they brought us , it was clear that security problems were a constant issue .
a do not disturb sign means nothing at this resort .
someone will enter your room ( and manage to cut the mini bar cord , and leave it cut ) .
there were so many little incidences pertaining to lack of security to notice , all small , but nonetheless possibly of concern to those who may want a more exclusive or safe feel at a resort .
this place is just too big to monitor and there is absolutely nothing to stop any person who wants from walking in to any section of the resort to break in to rooms , etc . do not take valuables , do not leave anything around , go prepared to find locals in the pools at all hours and you will be ok . . . . but you just have to be mentally prepared for all this .
i even found myself thinking , why pay thousands as we did ?
next time i will find somewhere cheap to sleep and just come hang out at this hotel - its that easy !
if its so prevalent on a sold - out weekend , and folks are so open about it , it must be occuring all the time and just accepted . palomina island is worth a trip just to ride the boat and see the place - but its not anything to write home about - yes , its nice for lying in the sun - but so is any beach in puerto rico .
it is not a great beach for swimming , really .
the level of seaweed and plant growth is just too much - you get all tangled up in it .
find a way to get to luqillo which is a nice public beach . . . and i was not happy about the 1 towel policy once you get off the boat .
they really ca not afford to give you an extra towel ?
there were many water activities and most people seemed happy with the services - but nothing any different than a standard beach resort . the absolute best experience is to do the biolumenescent bay tour by kayak at the later night hours , in the total dark .
there are many tour companies to choose from - avoid booking through hotel - you can book it on your own for half the price and its so easy to get to the docks from the hotel - there is info all over the web on the many companies in fajardo .
i have to warn you , however , if you have never kayaked - do not listen to the statements on how easy it will be , and how they will train you . there is no time to be trained to learn to kayak your way in weaving mangroves if you have no experience .
but do not worry , they will either place you with a guide , or even pull you through . most people do well but the guides are so great , they will save you even if you end up going in circles . . . .finally - avoid the restaurants - for some of the best mexican food anywhere and fantastic prices - we ate there every night ( ! ) go to the famous lolita 's .
wonderful staff , even better food .
i ca not recommend it enough !
that was the best advice i got on tripadvisor for our stay - eat at lolita 's .
and buy your breakfast at the grocery store to bring to the room - ours had a free fridge to use .
having a car rental will serve you well for all this . . . would i recommend the place - i actually would , if the price is right .
its beautiful , the people are nice , and you just have to get into the frame of mind to not care a stitch about the room , or the lax security .
you can then relax and enjoy the site .
great week at the el con just came back from the el con in puerto rico where we stayed in the casitas in a 2 bedroom condo .
we had perfect weather except for 1 afternoon - in fact we had to get out of the sun by 3pm everyday .
the pools were clean and clear .
the one slide was great - they are planning to build a new water park by next dec .
there were so many pools to chose from and the infinity pool at the casitas south was incredible .
the palomino beach was easy to get to - new boats go faster so it is only 10 minutes .
once you are there , a unbrella or cover is needed , the sun is so strong .
the rental of floats , jet skis and snorkle equipment made it more enjoyable , but the water was clear and easy to spend the day in .
all the chairs at pool and beach were comfortable and the towels large enough .
the food service was good , but on island time .
the restaurants are expensive ( expected when on an island ) and the strip house , blosssoms , and stingray cafe are great .
the italian , otello 's was ok .
the casual places , buena vista and the one by the marina were good , with buena vista being better .
the golden door spa is exceptional .
i had a massage and pineapple bliss scrub .
both were great and they treated me like a queen .
the spa is expensive , but you feel well taken care of .
overall , my 8 year old boys made friends and had a lot of fun and we enjoyed the place very much .
we would return , but only until they finish the rennovations since it will be too crowded once up to occupancy .
great location . . . .good hotel i should start this review by stating that my overall opinion for this hotel is above average .
the good : the location is wonderful .
perched about 300 feet above the atlantic ocean , this resort spots stunning views of the surrounding scenary .
the hotel even has a marina - level accomodation , so you can either stay by the sea or have a breathtaking view of it !
the staff was superb .
every single staff member said hello to me throughout my 6 day stay .
if there were problems , which i will get to a bit later , the staff addressed them with acute awareness and provided a prompt resolution .
the island beach was well serviced with a restaurant and bar , as well as many hundreds of lounge chairs .
the casino is small but adequate .
the food was wonderful but pricey .
the many pools were warm by day but cool at night , and were quite nice .
this resort definately feels luxerious but there is much to be desired . . . the bad : maintanance was very bad .
throughout the stay , the elevators were out of commision on more than one occasion .
the funicular was constantly breaking down . . . at least once a day . . . and always at the worst time .
the hotel does provide a back - up shuttle van service , however when we were in a hurry this was not a quick solution .
our hotel room was nice but was very aged .
we were located at the marina - level with a nice view of the ocean .
however there were lights that were burned out , and some moldings at the doorways were cracked .
but again , the staff addressed most of these concerns with a friendly attitude and prompt resolution . the verdict : for the price that they are charging , this hotel needs to be and is being improved .
the contruction is not noticeable except when entering the hotel ( i never heard any construction noise the entire stay ) .
if you can find a good deal , and there are many out there , stay here !
the grounds are beautiful .
the atmosphere is wonderful .
the food is great !
as long as you go into this resort knowing the drawbacks , and there are some , the stay can and will be a trip of a lifetime .
the key deciding factor in my recommendation was the staff .
without the warm and friendly staff , i would not have recommended this resort , plain and simple .
so it appears to me that the hotel 's brick and mortar needs to be improved , but its hard working staff does not .
beautiful resort i was fortunate to have been given this trip by my boss .
i took a good friend of mine ( jan . 20th -25th ) and we had a great time .
the views were terrific , the staff were very friendly and accomidating to your needs and wants .
our room overlooked the aqua colored waters with the palm trees swaying in the warm breezes .
what a site !
yes , the food and drinks were on the high end but if you paid to stay there you should know that .
the ride on the ferry to the beach was spectacular - it took no longer than 10-15 minutes and it was not an inconvience - it was an adventure .
check out the chickens and rabbits on palimino island - they will eat out of your hand !
we went off the resort twice to eat in a little local restaurant - the food was good and less expensive than the resort .
overall the surroundings were fabulous and would recommend this resort to anyone who loves to relax in the beautiful sunshine , does not mind walking alot around the scenic resort ( wear comfortable shoes ) and just needs to get away from the hustle and bustle of everyday life .
puerto rico is just breathtaking and i hope to go back there again .
enjoy yourself . . .
overall nice hotel first impressions : well , this is quite a hike from the san juan marin airport .
we rented a car and drove to and from the resort .
it?? at least an hour away??aybe more or less depending on traffic .
we were warned that it would take 2-3 hours to get to the resort during rush hour traffic??hich begins at about 3:30 p . m . we??e glad we did the rental car option , as we wanted to do a bit of exploring and try area restaurants .
i will say , the driving there is a bit chaotic??ots of red light runners and people with cars that shouldn?? be on the road in the first place .
you??l pass about 500 beer joints on the way to the resort , but that seems to be par for the course for the whole island from what i hear .
it?? like an americanized mexico .
most people speak english and they take u . s . dollars .
i thought the local prices of things were comparable or less than that on the mainland .
as we approached the resort , it reminded me of mexico??irty streets , chickens , and unmarked roads .
the entrance to the resort is staffed by a guard .
you will also see a lot of police cars on highway 3?? welcome sight !
they leave their flashing lights on all the time .
you drive through part of the golf course to get to the resort .
the lobby and reception area are very nice and breezy .
i have heard from many people who have been to puerto rico many times and they all say that this is one of the very best resorts on the whole island .
the views to the ocean are spectacular . construction :
they are building a new convention center area at the front of the resort , but we didn?? hear much noise and we were in a building close to the work area . parking : there is self parking for $15 per day in front of the construction zone , away from the hotel , but it?? a good 10- minute walk from the hotel lobby .
it?? $25 per day for the valet service , which was quick .
it also seemed to rain frequently for brief periods??o chances are , if you do the self parking , you??e going to get rained on .
to me , it was worth the extra $10 per day to do the valet parking . demographic : i put the average age at the resort between 40 and 50 years old .
there seemed to be a lot of people there from the east coast .
i honestly don?? remember seeing any children at the resort .
it?? not that they don?? cater to families??t?? probably that the food is so expensive . pools and beach : there isn?? a ??each? ? at the hotel??t?? about a 25- minute ferry ride to palomino island??he private island for the hotel .
we took the ride out to see the beach , but didn?? spend much time there .
i heard that several of the boats kept breaking down .
you have to take a funicular tram ( only one tram out of two was working ) down the mountain from the main lobby to get to the marina area to the ferry .
overall , it takes about 45 minutes from the top of the hotel to get to the beach .
there are several nice pools throughout the area . spa : this was the highlight of the trip for me .
the golden door spa is gorgeous and worth every penny .
the cost is less than elizabeth arden red door spa , and the experience is wonderful .
a 20% service charge ( for the gratuity ) and tax are automatically added to the bill .
a 50- minute massage was $146 total , i believe , and a 25- minute herbal wrap was $66.
with the spa service , you can use the workout area and attend fitness classes ( areas looked nice ) , and also the steam room and jacuzzi areas of the spa .
there are separate areas for men and women with a tearoom in the middle that is coed .
the steam room has eucalyptus steamed in??ery refreshing .
i liked the gold door products you get to use at the spa ( all complimentary ) .
i was able to book two separate appointments at the spa at the last minute .
i was impressed with this .
my masseuse said there are 60 massage therapists on staff , i believe .
service : we experienced pleasant service everywhere at the resort and also the local community .
i will say that these people appear to be on ??sland time . ? ? if you??e ever been to hawaii , you??l know what i mean .
it literally took us 30 minutes at mcdonald?? outside the resort to get our order with 12 people working behind the counter .
everybody is nice??t?? just a slower pace and can be frustrating if you don?? expect it . rooms :
there are about 1,000 rooms here , housed within 4 separate sections .
there are rooms at the top of the mountain where most of the restaurants and lobby are .
there are rooms down the side of the mountain .
you have to take a funicular tram down the mountain to get to these rooms .
it?? kind of a long walk and long wait for the tram ride sometimes .
there aren?? stairs to get down there??ou have to take the tram .
i?? glad we stayed in a room at the top??t seemed to take a while to get down to the lower level rooms .
our bed seemed to have a new comforter and pillows but the mattress seemed old .
the rooms definitely need a little updating from what i saw and heard from other guests , but our room was kept very clean by housekeeping .
i was surprised to see our room had a mini refrigerator and also a coffee maker .
a lot of full - service hotels and resorts don?? have either these days .
there?? a mini bar , private balcony with plastic furniture??ust your basic upscale howard johnson hotel in my book .
the walls are paper thin??ou can hear absolutely everything , and i mean everything ( ! ) , in the next room ( s ) .
there is tile outside the rooms and housekeeping seemed extremely noisy .
if you are a light sleeper , you would do well to bring your own ear plugs , a fan , or just stay at another resort .
most of the guests are older or couples , so it?? not like there are partiers everywhere??ut just normal conversation can be heard from the next room .
i heard this comment from several of the guests staying there . food : we ate at otello?? and strip house , on the main level , and the restaurant/bar and also stingray?? at the bottom of the funicular tram .
otello?? ( italian ) was very good .
strip house ( steak ) is part of a chain and is very upscale with dark red and black colored interior .
stingray?? is seafood and is very good .
it?? close to the restaurant/bar at the bottom of the funicular tram on the marina , so if there is a sports game on tv , you can say goodbye to a quiet , romantic dinner .
all of the food at the resort was good??ust really expensive , even compared to other resorts we have stayed at .
it was $13 for a basic sub sandwich and french fries at the restaurant/bar .
otello?? entrees start at $25 each .
strip house is probably more .
i ate a lot of appetizers .
on the plus side , entr?e portions are average to large , so at least you aren?? paying too much for a tiny portion . shopping : there must be at least 15 stores in the resort .
we preferred the stores here to those in old san juan ( please see below ) .outside the resort : the resort is close to walmart , mcdonald?? , kfc , subway , quizno?? , etc .
there is a fantastic restaurant called el pasion that is about 5 minutes away .
just exit the main gates and turn left and follow down to the marina area .
el pasion is upscale and the seafood is wonderful .
angel at the attractions desk recommended this to us and it was one of the best dining experiences of our trip .
also , lolita?? in the city of luqillo is very good and appears to attract a lot of locals . attractions : i did the bioluminescent night kayak tour through the hotel??bout $72 total per person .
this was really neat , and they claim there are only 2 or 3 areas in the world where you can see this .
microscopic plankton ( algae ) eat the roots of a special tree close to the marina and it makes them appear to ??low? ? at night when the water is agitated .
you take a 2- person kayak out to the bay .
as the oars hit the water , they start to light up .
the water was very calm but it was pitch black .
i am in good physical condition , but it was still a challenging trip .
if you are the least bit overweight or physically challenged , i wouldn?? recommend this .
the guide lets you jump in the water and as you move your arms and legs??ou appear to ??low? ? in the dark .
it?? really neat . rain forest : i just wasn?? that impressed with this .
the road wasn?? marked very well at all to get to the el yunque rain forest from either direction .
you have to turn through a dirty looking storefront area to get to the highway .
you?? think they?? mark a national park more clearly .
hawaii is much better than this .
there are some hiking trails , but we only drove through the park and then back out??ou drive up the mountain , turn around , and then drive back down .
the welcome center was nice . old san juan : i don?? recommend this .
it reminded me of a dirty old town albuquerque or santa fe .
there are a few upscale stores , coach , etc . , but it?? over an hour to get there from the hotel and parking is worse than new york city .
a lot of the souvenir stores were crummy??lastic everything and cheap t - shirts .
i liked the stores at the resort better than this and it was worth it to pay a little more to get better quality items .
the streets are narrow and dirty .
it reminded me of new orleans but with narrower streets and sidewalks that are barely 4- feet wide .
there are some historic sights in old san juan such as el morro fortress , churches , and the governor?? mansion , but it just wasn?? worth it with the traffic and parking situation .
i went back to the hotel and spoke with the concierge about this and she recommended certain parking lots??ut they were all full when we were down there .
good , but not great - we travelled to the el conquistador after several hours of agonizing over where to stay in puerto rico .
i made my decision to stay there over the westin based on the fact that it was a golden door spa and i liked the idea of the private island . i want to say that this resort was really like being on a large cruise ship .
everything is very spread out , which will either add to its charm for you or start to annoy you .
around every corner there is another shop , cafe , or bar .
this is good because you can usually get in anywhere to eat .
the food is pricey but we enjoyed every meal .
the stingray cafe and strip house restaurant were our favorites .
the ballyhoo is also good and easy for lunch or drinks .
overall i would say if you are thinking of going i would suggest staying in the marina area .
the other rooms are noisey from the construction going on at the hotel .
if you can wait a year you should , they are adding an amazing looking waterpark and updating all of the guest rooms .
when this is finished it will probably be the nicest place in puerto rico .
pefectly respectable my wife and i set out with great trepidation for a 3 night stay at theel conquistador .
we had booked our trip several weeks ago when the reviews were mixed but positively skewed ; the week before our departure the reviews turned downright nasty .
however , i am happy to report that the el conquistador is a perfectly respectable resort and that we enjoyed our long weekend there . while our room was certainly in need of an upgrade , it was adequate .
the grounds were quite pleasant and the view was very relaxing .
we both got massages at the spa , and we both agreed it was money very well spent .
palomino island is nice - - - not spectacular , but nice .
as other reviewers have noted , the food is quite pricey , but given the hotel 's remote location , one does not have too much choice .
the resort was fairly empty during our stay , but i imagine our stay would not have been nearly as pleasant when if it was crowded .
the funicular down to the ferry launch to palomino island acts as a bottle neck , and i can imagine very long lines when the resort 's at full capacity . we got a good deal ( $500 pp for rt air and 3 nights ) , and i wouldconsider staying at the el conquistador again if we got a similarly good deal .
however , if the economics were similar or even a bit more expensive , i would stay at the westin ( much easier access to a beach of equal quality and a shorter trip from the airport ) , the numero uno guest house ( quaint and close to san juan ) or give the ritz a try before i returned to the el conquistador .
paradise views , amazing time for free !
it was my first trip to pr and will not be my last .
i earned the trip through my business ( southernlivingathome . com/racheljohnson ) .
i am a director with the company and we earned 5 days on the resort absolutely free .
the room faced the tennis courts and the golf couse .
i was still satisfied even though others were in the ocean front rooms and the casitas .
humid in june so the room was a bit musky .
the infinity pool was amazing .
loved the disco and the shopping was great .
favaorite part was the private island palomino . . . what a dream ! !food was pricey ( we were given a cash allowence and went through it quickly ) .
but the food was always very good . i am on my way to the westin our lucaya in the bahamas in january .
look for my report then .
again another free vacation . . . so how can i complain ? ?
great time at el con i spent 2 nights at the el con ( sept 23-25) with 2 friends and found it to be well above my expectations based on other reviews .
overall , we were thrilled with our stay and had a fantastic time .
the grounds are beautiful and the view is first rate .
room : on the marina level , but overlooking the pool and ocean , and not right on the marina .
it was clean and comfy with a beautiful terrace and large clean bathroom .
easy access to the marina and ballyhoo bar were a plus .
minuses : walls were paper thin ( not a problem for us since it is the off season , so the resort was pretty quiet in general .
but could be an issue if the resort was more crowded ) .
the beds were ready to be replaced but were not uncomfortable .
dining : being from the northeast ( ny , dc and ct ) we did not find the food prices to be outrageous - it was what we expected for a resort .
we shared most of our meals , ordered half portions and always had enough to eat .
all of the restaurants we tried were tasty - otello , blossom , ballyhoo , caribe cafe , the place on palomino island and david 's cookies .
palomino island : in a word , spectacular .
make a right from the ferry , past the rental shops for a cool ocean breeze and pristine looking beach .
we did not find the ferry to be a hassel and our boat even stopped to let people see a few dolphins who swam by us . water sports : i went diving and my friends snorkelled with the in - house dive shop .
they made it very easy - i dropped my gear off with them in the morning , and they picked us up from palomino island with the gear on board later in the day .
it was not the best reef i 've seen and it was a guided dive ( with dive master tito ) , but we had long bottom time (60 min ) and after the dive there was time to swim on the surface with the snorkellers .
very relaxed pace overall .
things to be aware of : we got many conflicting bits of info from the concierge before our trip .
one member of our party was told we had to book the shuttle bus from the airport in advance and another was told we could just walk up .
we wanted to go to monkey island - one person was told we could just book the trip when we got there and one person was told that we could not book thru the el con and would need to rent a car to get there or take an expensive taxi . . .
it seemed to depended on who you spoke with .
going in off season : this is not for everyone .
the weather was perfect and it was absolutely relaxing to feel like we had the resort to ourselves - no worries about reservations at restaurants ( in fact we were given free wine for coming in at otello ) , able to get 3 poolside and beach lounge chairs together at any time , etc , etc .
however , some excursions were cancelled ( trip to el yunque ) because there were not the min number of people and the snorkelling was not confirmed until the last minute ( i had wanted to do the morning 2 tank dive , but they only offered the afternoon snorkel/dive . . . ) also , the casino was empty and there were not the live bands , etc . that they advertise and that i imagine are there during the high season .
this might be a better time of year for last minute travellers ( so you can see what the weather forcast is like ) , those who want to lay on the beach/by the pool in relative peace and quiet , and families who do not want the hassel of crowds and lines .
if you want nightlife , do not go during hurricane season . . .
i would/will stay at el con again .
even with all of these items , it was a terrific time and relaxing place to stay .
happy travels !
worth a visit despite all the negative reviews we read , we booked a trip and were pleasantly surprised .
while we agree with all the criticism over dated rooms , long bus ride from airport , high restaurant and activity prices , we felt the beautiful scenery and views more than compensated .
the resort is atop a cliff overlooking the ocean .
both the grounds looking out to the mountains , and pool areas were wonderful .
we thought we would hate having to take a shuttle boat ride to get to a beach , but that turned out to be one of the highlights .
the private island and beach were very large .
the area around the boat dock was mostly families , while the more distance area was almost all adults .
we ate at four of their fine dining restaurants and thought the chinese , french , and steak/seafood ones were absolutely wonderful .
while the prices were high they were similar to other fine dining restaurants at resorts .
on the other hand , the italian restaurant was one of the worst dining experiences we ever had .
the food was tasteless .
the service was horrible .
that restaurant should be avoided . but despite all the negatives , for the overall value , this place is a good location for a quick caribbean get - away .
had a great time at el con i got a little worried when i read some of the reviews .
but , do not believe everything you read .
my wife and i decided to get away before school started .
we chose el conquistador based upon a recommendation of a friend .
what a great resort .
the resort was very busy when we arrived but check - in was done smoothly as we were checked in by a clerk at a separate registration desk .
we booked an oceanview room and we were given a room in the marina section of the resort .
the room was clean , but you can see the room definitely needs an upgrade which the bellman told me they were getting ready to do .
the marina was great . .it was a much quieter area of the resort .
the funicular ride ( tram that takes you down the mountain ) was a little tiresome after a few days but it was not bad getting around .
palomino island was amazing .
we went jet skiing and kayaking .
the drinks and food at the resort are expensive but we were already told about that by our friends .
blossoms was the best restaurant with phenomenal chinese food .
the las brisa restaurant breakfast buffet was also great .
there was not alot of entertainment at night , but the casino was fun , even though i lost .
the best part for me was the golf course which was in great condition and has amazing views .
my wife really enjoyed the golden door spa .
one night we did the bio bay tour where you go by kayak through one of the only bioluminescent bays in the world , it was right next to the hotel .
overall , we had a great time .
the rooms need help and the food and beverage is pricey .
the front desk clerk at check out told us at check out that the resort is undergoing a renovation of all of their rooms and are adding a waterpark .
we will definitely be back .
nice trip but the el conquistador could use an update my family stayed here for a week and we really enjoyed our stay despite the negatives .
my family is actually rather picky about where we stay so the fact that we had an enjoyable time unlike others is pretty amazing . there was a shuttle waiting for us when we arrived .
it was a very long shuttle ride especially since we arrived on a saturday which is when apparently all of puerto rico goes to the beach .
it took nearly two hours to get there because of traffic but there was nothing that could have prevented that .
the entrance area of the hotel is really nice as is the lobby , with many areas available for lounging around .
these areas came in handy when it rained later in the week because there was actually somewhere to go other than our room .
our room was in the main hotel yet it was still quite a hike from the casino and pool area .
we had an oceanfront room which as everyone has said was pretty outdated .
there was however a balcony which was great for reading and looking out over the ocean .
it smelled rather moldy .
there were several times when we needed something ( a pillow , towels , etc . ) and the front desk said they 'd send someone as soon as possible but no one ever showed up and we did not get what should have been in the room already .
going to the beach i have to admit was a pain .
several times one of the faniculars were broken so everyone had to wait for the one .
do not get me wrong , the island was great , but getting to and from the island required way too much planning for vacation !
since the boat only ran on the half hours if the fanicular took longer than expected you were inconvenienced .
if we wanted to get to the island by 11:30am we typically had to leave our room by 10:30 to insure that we would get on the 11:00 boat .
this did not always happen as planned and as one could imagine it was irritating after a few days of only one working fanicular .
it also rained once when we were on the island .
the storm clouds grew in a matter of minutes and everyone started running for the boat line as it instantly began to pour .
obviously everyone did not get on the boat ( we did ) and there was not enough head covering to protect everyone from getting soaked .
plus , the ride back to the hotel was really choppy . the spa was great but not the best i 've ever had .
the food was not that exceptional given how much it cost but there were quite a few options which was nice .
the pool was enjoyable but typically packed .
take advantage of the happy hours here !
the casino was fun .
however , one night someone won several hundred dollars on a slot machine and the following day that particular machine was removed !
you really do not have to leave the hotel because there 's enough at your footsteps to entertain you .
the hotel also seems to be a place where many of the well off locals seem to go for long weekends .
while i was there there we also a few puerto rican conferences which meant there were tons of kids around the pool .
all in all i do not know if i 'd stay here again .
our stay was not terrible but it 's not entirely worth the money .
i would probably stay here again if they updated the rooms .
do not stay here if you are not comfortable taking a boat to the beach !
beautiful~ i just recently stayed at the el conquistado .
i can honestly say it was one of the best experiences ever ! may 25-29. . .
i just got back yesterday .
now i read i think every one of these reviews , yes there are a few things i agree with completely , others dont even come close to accurate - tips - - - dont stay at the casistas villages - its 700 hundred a night for crap - we met 2 people that stayed there and brought us over and number 1. . our view was better they had palm trees in the face - and it was the president suite - it was okay - our room was actually more up to date then theirs were - number 2- the people in the casistas that sit by the infinity pool are absolutly snotty !
they actually stick their nose up at you - -do get a reflexology massage it was sooo good we actually cancelled our other 2 treatments - -dont go to the blominessance bay tour - my mother in law got so bit up she had to go to the doctors today - and its not worth the money - -do split lunches and dinners - they give you enough to make 2 people feel full - day 1- we arrived on thurs late night it was about midnight - so we get out of the airport looking for this bus that says el conquistador on it to find this lady outside with an el conquistador shirt on saying that something messed up with the time of the buses and either we can wait an hour for the bus to come or they will pay for your taxi here - so my mother in law and i decided to save the 66 bucks and take the cab ride - it was very nice and air conditioned - it did take about an hour to get there which really is not fun when you really just want to get there already - but we arrived and had this little ad from a marie claire magazine which we found a week before we left stating we can have up to a 200 hundred dollar a night upgrade if we bring it to the front desk . . . . well let me tell you - our room was absolutely amazing . . .
the best view ever . . . . . day 2- wake up early go get the best reflexology massage i have ever recieved it was soooo amazing - go to polomino island which was beautiful - the only thing i didnt like about there was there was seaweed and stuff on the top of the water which i find is gross - oh yeah - and share the cheeseburger its 16 bucks . . . ha . . . that is the only thing that i found to be overly expensive - and the 6 dollar bottle of figi water - but thats it . . . i seen everyone on here saying how expensive everything was - well im from nj and its actually cheaper there then here - later then night i took her to blossoms . . . we had the filet mignon and lobster . . hibachi style - it was beautiful - we had 4 mai tais and shared the filet and lobster which it said they charge you a sharing fee of 20 bucks . . . but they didnt even charge us for it . . . as well as the ice creams and singing they did for my mother in laws birthday - everyone was veryyyyy nice - day 3- we stayed at the pool and met the best bartenders ever . . . .
when you go stay at the swim up bar and theres 2 people there that i suggest - angel perez . . . . hes extremely nice and hooks you up with everything . . . hes from bk ny and it amazing . . . and a girl by the name of angelise . . . shes great too . . . we wanted coconuts so bad because we never tried one and the second day at the pool they suprised us with them . . . .they usually dont give them at this time of the season - it was really cool . . and i mean we must have drank 20 rum and cokes and then shots and everything else and our bill with the tip was 100 bucks . . . not bad at all - - - day 4- we decided to do the bloominessance bay tour which sucked completly at night - it was disgusting - thats enough about that - but everyone was extremely nice . . they even gave us a 50 dollar credit for waiting for a cab 2 long . . . and a bottle of champagne and a beautiful cheese platter send to our room - oh yeah and def go to the fajardo mall - and if you want some good local rice and beans really cheap go to estabans - - - omggggggggggg its amazing food . . we were talking about it the entire trip and even now i could get some - overall , it really was an amazing trip - and if you go the splash bar and you see angel and angelise tell them - the 2 ladies from nj say hello we met him and her over memorial day weekend - . . .have a great trip - this is def a place to see - - the views are beautiful - the grounds are beautiful - the people are beautiful - and there is no bugs !
hehe - -i dont understand why everyone says the staff sucks . . . when in reality it was the best staff i ever met - i didnt even want to leave . . .
close to paradise ! !
i just read the review , which will be prob the one prior to mine and priceline for $105! ! !
i thought i got a good deal for $130.
plus we got upgraded to ocean view with a balcony .
now we really could not complain at all ! ! that 's a+ for customer service ! yes , the rooms were a little outdated and run down , but there were floor plans of a renovation later this year .
it entices me to come back again in the future . and yes , the food can get pricey , but that 's expected .
we had a rented car , so we ate some of our meals off - site . the place is very well maintained .
the fernicular down to tram was a pretty ride down to the marina .
the beach is a short ferry ride away , and when you 're on vacation , it really did not matter , what 's the rush . . . it was not crowded with people at all , and we were very happy with the weather . we did the bioluminescent bay tour , make sure you bring bug spray !
we were attacked with bug bites .
the tour was well worth it , def .
one of a kind , but not recommended for high maintenance folk . yes , i would def .
stay here again . . . .
making sense of conflicting reviews we stayed here 5 nights for a wedding and enjoyed it with some small caveats .
first , use priceline .
this is the only resort in fajardo so you 'll know you 're getting it .
the rooms are fine , not 4 seasons but you 're not paying 4 seasons $ .
even our garden view room had a nice view and the ocean view rooms have a great view .
its best to stay in the main area to be near all the activities and stores .
if you like to gamble , the casino is a great addition .
the pools are nice and were not too crowded .
it is true that the food is expensive , but its not bad .
the biggest downside for us was the fact that the beach is on the island .
its a schlep to get there .
if you 're going for a beach vacation , try somewhere else .
we rented a car which was good to get provisions to save on cokes etc ( there is a fridge in room ) , but we didn ; t use it otherwise because parking ( which is 15/day , another legitimate criticism ) is pretty far from the main area so its not convenient .
the wedding was held on a spectacular cliff and they do a very good job of this .
on balance , its a value on priceline , a nice property , but an inconvenient beach place .
it was only two days , but . . .
the el conquistador is a lovely resort with many things to do .
it was only two days , but two days were enough to see the resort , dine in their restaurants , spend a few hours at their private island , play in their casino and relax by the pools . excellent friendly service at check in !
we were allowed to check in early as well as getting two rooms closely located since we requested the deluxe ocean view .
room rates are extremely overpriced for what you get and when you book online , you are paying just the room rate .
upon checkout you get slapped with the room tax and resort fee ( and more than likely all the room charges for drinks and meals ) .plan on eating/drinking at the resort 's overpriced prices .
you will feel like you are staying in a resort compound since the location of the resort limits access to the fajardo area . . . unless you have a rental car .
there is an avis counter to rent a car for the day so you can do a day trip to el yunque ( do not miss the rainforest ) or venture to luquillo beach for lunch . palomino island was fun and while your food/drink options are limited , it 's an amenity not had by many resorts .
pack some snacks , water , or whatever you can so you 're not stuck paying their high prices . one thing that would be a useful amenity is self - serve laundry .
that way you do not have to pay over $50 to get a few items done through their laundry ! overall it is a very nice resort but do not restrict your caribbean vacation to be there only or you will miss out on so much more of this beautiful island !
good trip , wo not go again pros : (1) beautiful scenery and views , (2) helpful staff , (3) palomino island , (4) the funicular and ferry ( unusual features ) , (5) kid friendly pools , (6) accessibility to el yunque .
(7) decent room prices through hotwire . cons : (1) absurd food and beverage prices , (2) $15/day parking ( used as a penalty for going off resort ) , (3) a few noise - y neighbors , (4) room doors slam with dangerous force if balcony doors are open . tips : (1) bring snack , breakfast , and beverages from local grocery stores , (2) play golf at 4 p . m . for reduced rates , (3) take forest service tour of el yunque , not the hotel tour , (4) take local biolumescent tour , not hotel tour , (5) visit palomino island as frequently as possible . summary : it 's not really puerto rico , it 's a resort complex harbored from the real pr .
if that 's what you want , and do not mind paying high prices for hot dogs ( $9) , sodas ( $3) , beer ( $6.50) , and french toast ( $15) , not to mention dinner , then it 's a fine place .
had a very nice experience stayed at the el con 4/7-4/13/06.
had a very nice experience .
rooms were in the la marina village and were very large and comfortable .
would recommend staying there if you want to be near the water .
also quieter and easier to catch the boat to palomino island .
food is expensive but similar to any luxury resort .
the resort staff were very nice and helpful .
resort is very large and not easy for those who have difficulty getting around .
funicular is slightly inconvenient but an experience as the views on the ride as well as from most of the resort are spectacular .
golf course is beautiful and tennis courts were in good condition and fun to play on .
wife and daughter had a great experience at the golden door spa .
lots of kids so it is nice for families .
palomino island is lovely , water is clean and warm .
plenty of chaise lounges .
never had to fight for a good spot by the water or a chair .
boat ride to island slightly inconvenient but fun .
all in all a very nice vacation and would return especially after upcoming renovations .
needs to step up a bit overall we had a good time .
in the past , it was 1st class all the way .
wyndham sold their interest about 2 months ago .
i agree with previous posts that many rooms need to be redone .
my room was certainly nice , but some furnature had stains .
my resturant reservation for stingrays was lost one night and this caused a major problem .
the manager stated that this happens often and i should have booked directly with the resturant .
he had many empty tables but would not accomadate my party .
i ate at ballyhoos , which is an outdoor bar/resturant right in front of stingrays .
stingrays tables were empty for 1 1/2 hrs .
the concierge stated that since the program was updated for reservations some get lost .
the resturant managers are supposed to get a print out every night and check it against their list .
while i was talking to the concierge , another guest told me that i did not miss out .
the portions were tiny at stingrays .
everything else was fine .
great spring break with family just got back from a week at the el con with my family including four children ages 15 through 4.
after reading all the reviews i was a bit apprehensive about staying at the resort .
the resort was spectacular .
the service was great , the staff friendly , our room was clean and the surroundings beautiful .
the pools were awesome and we never had a problem finding a chair .
we rented a car at the airport and endured the traffic in puerto rico .
it took us almost two hours on a friday night to get to the resort .
once there we were all pleasantly surprised .
the funiclar and ferry to the private island were working perfectly .
never had to wait more than 10 minutes for the ferry .
the island is beautiful .
the food , although a tad expensive , was quite tasty .
my kids loved the chicken nuggets and my husband ate the fish and chips every day we were there .
the towels were plush and never had a problem finding chairs in the sun or shade .
my kids enjoyed playing basketball .
we rented a tube for the day as well .
breakfast was expensive so we stopped at walmart and bought cereal , milk , water and snacks .
we ate breakfast on our balcony every morning and saved quite a bit of money .
the restaurants in the hotel are expensive but good .
blossoms is excellent .
we went there for a birthday dinner and they brought out some cake for our son at no charge !
since we rented a car we ventured to old san juan and the rain forest .
old san juan was awesome with great shops and restaurants .
the rain forest is a must .
so much to see and quite beautiful .
we also took the ferry to the island of vieques .
the ferry to vieques from fajardo takes about 1-1/2 hours .
not quite what we expected .
the island has a lot of deserted beaches .
we went to one public beach and actually saw three horses running on the shore .
we ended up leaving on an earlier ferry because the kids wanted to get back to the el conquistador and swim in the pool .
i would definitely recommend staying at the el conquistador .
do not believe all the negative reviews you read .
the weather in puerto rico is gorgeous as is the scenery .
the only negative was the driving in puerto rico .
at times it was scary .
the drivers seem to have their own rules of the road .
if you go to puerto rico , stay at the el conquistador .
great resort we are a family of four . 2 adults and 2 children ages 7 10.
we traveled with another family with children ages 4  6. we had a great trip and a very positive experience at this resort .
the people who helped us both check in and out were very helpful .
the resort is beautiful with awesome views .
it was very clean and tons of shops , restaurants and a game room .
we visited the beach several times .
it was a great beach with a soft bottom in the water .
we rented rafts/tubes every day ( $10.00
for the day ) for the kids .
we also played volleyball and hiked up a trail to the top of the mountain .
we rented wave runners one day as well and had a blast .
there is plenty to do on the island .
we never had a problem finding a spot to hang out and always got a thatched umbrella just a note . . . . you must charge food/drinks , wave runners , etc .
to your room .
the island does not accept cash .
this was not a problem for us .
it did take some time to get to the beach .
you had to get to the marina level then take a boat to the private island .
we do like being closer to the beach but the beach was awesome once you got there . we also visited the pools and hot tubs several times on our trip .
the towels they lend you at the beach and pool are very nice .
by the pool they have a place where you can borrow board games and cards if you are looking for something to do .
there are several hot tubs and a nice water slide for the kids .
there was also a volleyball net to play in the pool which was a lot of fun .
the towel service stops at 5:00pm so if you plan to swim in the evening get a few extra to be able to have dry towels for later on .
it does get a little chilly in the evening .
there was always a breeze . the food was expensive and just ok .
we knew this before going to the resort . we ate at the more casual places/bars etc . . .
this was fine for us with all of the kids . the rooms were fine too .
yes they could use a little updating but they were clean and had everything we needed . all of the employees we met were very friendly and helpful .
the resort was great .
loved this hotel my husband and i loved this hotel !
there was sooo much to do .
it was like a mini city ! 5 restaurants , huge beautiful pool area , lots of shops , casino , private island with an awesome beach , excellent views !
the rooms were just ok but we spent so little time in our room that it did not matter .
having just come from the horned dorset in rincon we were looking for a little excitment !
the horned dorset was beautiful but sooo boring and quiet ( and very expensive at $600 a night ) .
we did not want to leave the conquistador !
the food at the restaurants is just ok but it is really nice to have such a huge selection of food right in the hotel .
the pool area was awesome !
we stayed at 5 different hotels during our trip to puerto rico and this one was by far our favorite ( and the other hotels were more expensive also ) .
we would love to go back soon !
would get married here , it 's so nice . . . three of us went here for our last spring break trip ever , and had an amazing time .
we 'd read the reviews and were a little worried ( as we 'd already booked the trip ) , and ended up being completely amazed with our experience .
the flights down and back were great , and we rented a car .
renting a car , btw , is the way to go ; fajardo is quite a ways from the san juan airport .
the rainforest is nearby , as are a number of grocery stores and fast food restaurants .
the reason i mention the latter is because food and drinks at the hotel are a lil on the pricey side , but very good .
but honestly , it 's no more expensive than if you went on a cruise or anything like that ; you get what you pay for ( for the most part ) .
we had a wonderful room in the main part of the hotel ( upper level ) , with a great view and a large iguana that lived in the palm tree outside of our balcony .
service was great and hotel employees were very friendly and helpful .
i would totally get married here - it 's that great .
would go back in a heartbeat !
the photos on their website are representative of the resort , so you 're in for a feast for the eyes .
reviews made me leary , but all was well .
i 've seen some negative reviews , but our experience was terrific .
the room was quiet , comfortable , and clean .
the meals were great and sure expensive but not out - of - bounds for a nice resort .
the private island is a little cumbersome ( tram - ride , then boat - ride ) , but a great experience .
the beach there had great sand , plenty of nice chairs , excellent service , and plenty of activities .
it was also peaceful with none of that island musak you find at so many resorts .
the resort 's pool space is big enough so you wo not feel crowded .
at check - out i heard a few people talking about billing inaccuracies , but our bill was correct .
the resort is getting due for some renovation and some surfaces are on their 10th coat of paint .
maybe 5-6 years from now the renovation need will become more of an issue , but not yet .
enjoyed the el con we recently stayed at the el con . i too was very scared about the reviews we had seen and we did not know what to expect .
we have stayed at many different places including sandals , beachs resorts , ritz carltons , westins , 4 seasons , jack tar village , gran lido jamacia , disney cruise , royal carribean cruise etc , etc .
the elcon was a very nice and relaxing place to stay . the staff was nice , and attentive . i speak spanish and did not have to use it once , in fact our bellman was from the us as was a bartender we used .
my wife and 3 kids 11,10,8 were on the trip .
we stayed in an oceanfront room with 2 double beds and 1 cot . the
room obviously is a little dated but very clean . the
bathroom was very spacious and clean .
cleaning of the room and making the beds etc was always done in a timely manner when we were out during the day .
we stayed in the brisas wing which was very convienent to all the restaurants , main pools and the casino .
i played golf 3 times with my son .
they give juniors a discount to play for 50.00 . the
golf course is beautiful and very challenging .
watch out for the iguanas ! the pools are clean . there is a small water slide for kids at the main pool .
palamino island is nice ,15 minute ride over on a boat that leaves on the hour . the
bar there has chickens and roosters running around which i thought added to the atomsphere .
my wife and kids went waterskiing , which was safe and easy to arrange .
dinners were good but expensive , we ate at blossoms chinese , otellos , stingrays , and the pizza bar near the large pool .
if there is a next time i would maybe rent a car a venture out locally , that would , could decrease at least the food bill .
my wife and daughter did do a spa traetment and the wife did say the spa was nice and getting a spa treatment allowed her to workout in the spa gym ,25.00
without a treatment . she
also worked out in the free gym and said that was also acceptable .
downsides to this place are distance from airport , ,1 1/2 hours , cost of food for dinners , rooms alittle dated , charges for the airport shuttle .
if you want a nice family trip with golf onsite , nice pools , clean , safe etc you will like the el con .
it is pricey but to put it in perspective one week here is about the equivalent of one week at beachs turks and cacaios or one week on the disney cruise , both of which we have done please enjoy 
we would come back my husband and i just returned from a three night mini - vacation at el conquistador .
after reading reviews on this site only the night before we were somewhat apprehensive and determined to ask for a room upgrade .
( we had used american express points to book the room . )
upon arrival , we asked for an upgrade but could not get one as a huge conference of 900 insurance agents was at the hotel .
with apprehension , we arrived at our room with garden and el yungue views in the main hotel .
the room was large , with a pretty patio overlooking a beautiful view of the tennis courts , golf course , el yunque and the atlantic ocean in the distance .
at night , the sound of the rain forest frogs filled the room .
the room was a little musty upon arrival but we never noticed it again after turning on the air conditioner .
the bath room was large and had a huge closet .
the food was pricey but decent , and the service was good - -with the exception of one breakfast at a coffee shop like place where the service was terrible and the food arrived cold .
i dont understand the griping about the funicular and the boat trip to the private island .
people dont know how to relax .
we found the boat trip out to the island to be fun - -it added a little extra adventure to the stay .
the island was very pretty and we had a great time on the rented jet skis .
great tip - -skip dinner one night and book a tour by kayak or boat to the bioluminescent bay in las croabas .
this was one of the most amazing experiences we have ever had .
we went by small motor boat into a mangrove laden channel which opened into a large protected bay .
the water glows with thousands of tiny plankton .
we swam in the water which is like having your body and surrounding water illuminated by thousands of tiny fireflies .
on the way back , we were accompanied by thousands of tiny glowing fish who jumped out of the water all around us .
great family resort for budget unminded sure it 's expensive , but the resort is beautiful , weather superb and staff attentive .
stay in the marina section bldg 1 and you are guaranteed to enjoy yourself .
rent a car from avis $200 for 5 days and drive to resort and grocery shop for extra 's .
make reservations for restaurants as soon as you arrive for entire stay for dining options . go to palomino island for beautiful swimming .
rooms at the marina were clean , had great views and afforded a relaxing atmosphere without the crowds .
get the family get a way , 1 night free , access to golden door spa , etc .
ask for hospitality suite if you need to stay the afternoon after your checkout to take a shower and change before your trip home . the negative reviews were misleading and untrue as far as i was concerned , but reading the reviews gave me great bits of info of what to do and what to avoid .
have fun you 're on vacation !
great time at el con we just returned from a trip around pr with 2 nights at the el con .
we loved the hotel even though we are not really resort people .
when we checked in , my husband decided we should have a better view than the garden view i had booked .
the man at the front desk offered several options and recommended la marina if we wanted a good view , the sound of the ocean and privacy .
this part of the resort is newer .
the room was large and clean and the whole experience superb .
the resort was fairly empty when we were there and we felt we had our own little corner of paradise .
the staff was very nice and friendly and the service was excellent .
there are those add - ons , tariffs etc . others mentioned , which i agree should just be included in the price .
all in all , i would love to return to la marina at el conquistador .
better than what i expected my wife and i stayed here for a week in early february .
i will admit if you are part of a conference and you have problems with your room you will get preferential help .
the rooms in the grand hotel are small , not big enough for a couple staying for a week .
not much closet space .
what the rooms like in style the ammenties make up for .
the resort is absolutely beautiful !
yes , be prepared to pay high prices for food , drinks , other things .
there is alot of overhead for a resort this size .
but if you want to pay less for dinners there are a few very good resteraunts that are about a 10-15 minute walk from the end of the marina . i found the staff in general to be polite and very courteous considering the arrogance and rudeness of some guests .
one guest chewed out a porter because he brought luggage on the funicular to a guest 's room .
how else are you going to get luggage to a room by the marina ? i was also apprehensive about staying here after reading many of the reviews but the experince exceeded my expectations .
everybody just relax i am posting for those people who have already paid for their well earned vacation and are terrified by the nightmare postings on this website .
i just spent a week there and me and my girlfriend were really happy with the experience .
the views are unbelievable .
their private beach was stunning ( yes - you must take a 15 minute ferry to what is basically their own island ) .
our room was great ( we stayed at the marina , with gorgeous views of the ocean and proximity to the pool .
i would suggest avoiding las olas as it was like a ghost town ) .
the restaurants are pretty decent , and of course they 're overpriced .
it was not pleasant to pay $26 for a plate of pasta that costs $15 in new york city , or $19 for a wrap that should cost $12.
but that 's resort pricing .
they 're not trying to scam you , it costs hotel a small fortune for all the service and transportation of food .
yes , about a third of the equipment in the gym ( incidentally it had the best view from a gym i have ever seen ) was out of order .
yes the funny faniculars usually took turns breaking down .
yes the transportation to and from the airport was 60 round trip a person and it takes 1.5 hours .
this hotel recently changed ownership and i do not think i will either be able to afford it nor recognize it 2 years from now .
if you are staying there in the near future , understand that it is in transition to become much more luxury .
most of the staff was pretty great , although you did run into the occasional incompetence .
in the meantime , if you need to go somewhere to recharge , please do not feel like you just paid for a lemon of a vacation by some people 's horrible experiences .
if you do not like kids , do not stay there .
tons of em .
if you ca not bare to pay $140 for the *fancy* dinner for 2 while on vacation - go somewhere else .
you will have no choice but to eat at the hotel .
if they put you in a room with no a/c , wet floors , a dead corpse in the closet or whatever else people are saying on this site . . . . maybe consider leaving the hotel and suing them or declining the payment to your credit card .
enjoy your time there and remember to bring tons of sunblock ( at $12 a bottle you will not want to buy it there ) .
also - make sure to make reservations at the good restaurants - you will be shut out !
" ok , but would not go back " the hotel is situated on a mountain top with a fabulous ocean view .
the resort offers many options for dining , both quiet and active pools , casino and shopping .
it was overall nice .
however , our room was quite dirty albeit spacious .
the ceiling leaked and the slider door was broken .
we were there 6 days and they never found the time to fix .
we had a nice view but no king size beds were apparently available and we paid the top price .
the hotel was tired ie .
peeling paint , dead flowers in pots , stained bedspreads . . .
we wanted to take the rainforest tour but they wo not go unless there 's 6 people or you pay the full price .
we saved money by renting a car and visiting ourselves .
best tip i can give . . the national rain forest has a ranger station half way up .
they give fabulous personal 1 hour tours for $5 a person .
cynthia was great !
hotel is ok , but definitely ask for an updated room and expect typical resort pricing for all food , beverages and activies .
my husband , two teenage girls and i stayed there last summer ( when it was a wyndam ) for a family reunion on my husband 's side .
we had a wonderful time .
service was always friendly .
our rooms cleaned nicely and daily - very nice and accomodating maids .
our room was modern , clean and had a big walk in closet !
and a great ocean view . the resort is beautiful and big !
it is surrounded for miles by the spectacular golf course .
palomino island is a must !
the water there is chrystal clear and so warm - i could have gone there every day during our week long stay .
the lobby is very attractive , with lots of areas for visiting , reading , playing card games , etc .
i did not see any neglect as some reviewers have written .
the only two down sides to the hotel were : very medicore food .
expensive as you would expect at a resort , but boring .
i would have like to see local food on the menus rather than bland americanized food .
very crowded pool area .
seems june and july are when the local kids come to spend the day at the pool , and it was far too noisy and kid laden for us .
we skipped the pool and went to the island instead .
i would recommend the hotel , except for in june and july when it is so crowded with kids .
had a great time my husband and i just came back from a trip to el conquistador .
i thought i would post my experience since i read all reviews good and bad about the el conquistador .
first of all the rooms . . . we stayed at la castitas .
the room was mediocre , roomy , but dated , and kind of dirty .
big deck and one of the best pools i have ever seen .
we knew people staying in the marina and in la vistas ( i think that is the name of the wing ) .
the marina is really loud , we hung out at a bar one night right across from the rooms .
our friends who were there complained the whole time about the commute up to the main area of the resort , and going down to the bar took pretty long .
our friends at la vistas had no complaints , and this definitely would be the area i would stay in if i had a choice ( of course second to las casitas ) .
the location is the best for location to the main pool , the spa , golf etc .
if you are going with kids , this is definitely where i would stay . the spa is unbelievable .
great massage , clean and beautiful interior .
the fitness room was well equipped and they offered tons of classes , but they were beyond my budget .
dont miss out on the spa . the food was just okay .
isabellas was overrated ( $30 entrees ) .
davids cookies had a good latte and good selection for breakfast .
the best at the entire resort was a restaurant bar overlooking the main pool , i think it was called bella vista .
hands down , one of the best pizzas i have had ( it was around 18.00, but between two people we never finished it ) .
yes the food was expensive , but you can find what you suits you on the resort .
if it deters you , i would weigh out the costs of a suite with a kitchen versus what it would cost your group to eat out every night .
if you do get a suite , you can rent a car and drive to the resort , pick up groceries on the way ( lots of places ) and drop off your car once you arrive to the resort .
in las casitas they offer grocery shopping for a fee of $25.
no matter how much you buy .
i am not sure if they offer this to all of the guests . speaking of the drive from the airport , it was pretty bad .
soooooo long .
about 1 hour 15 min .
to the resort and 1 hour and 30 min to the airport .
the casino was a great time .
i won two nights ! as far as the employees and service , it was not 5 star , but i had good experience with the employees .
very friendly and helpful for the most part . the location is a haul to get to , but the views from this resort are pretty awesome , and our overall stay was fun and relaxing .
i would recommend this resort , but caution the long day of travelling you have to do to get from your front door to theirs .
my husband and i went to this resort on business in early january 2006.
after reading the reviews on this website i was terrified where they were sending us !
wow ! thankfully , the reviews i read were nothing like the resort !
the resort was beautiful , relaxing and had breath taking views !
we had a room over looking the mountains and the golf course .
it was so serene to go out each morning and just listen to the birds and look out at the beautiful , peaceful scenery . the food is a bit expensive but you can save money other ways .
we rented a car and were able to run to walmart for breakfast goods and snacks .
also , if you rent a car you can try some of the local places for dinner .
we loved el passions restuarant ( we went twice ! ) which was very close to the resort .
they have some wonderful local puerto rican dishes and service was great .
try the mofongo ! ! ! lolita 's mexican restaurant was also good .
polomino island was beautiful but eat before you go over , unless you like to eat with chickens running around your feet .
we liked to have lunch down at the marinia .
very peaceful there .
the hibachi grill blossoms was wonderful ( and a bit pricey ) .
going to old san juan is a must !
it 's not only beautiful but it has some neat shops .
we ate lunch at a great restuarant which claims to be the birth place of the pina colada !
overall , this is a great resort !
i would definitely go back in a heartbeat !
puerto rico is a beautiful country with many perks since its an us territory .
( no customs , they use dollars , everyone speaks english ) 
a good time at the elcon .
after reading earlier reviews , of course i was nervous .
on the way there , it was very hard for me to feel good about the resort because of the reviews on here as well as the fact that only two weeks before i was at a fabulous all - inclusive in the dominican republic .
i knew i would be comparing my experience with everyone on here as well as my trip to dr ! luckily , i am an open - minded person and i was able to separate the paradise i had been in , for the new paradise of the elcon .
i also never believe a critic until i experience it for myself .
i am giving the truth here . . . .you can trust me .
i am totally honest .
i 'm not one of those boorish travelers either .
i do not complain and am faily easy - going .
so i wo not be complaining about dust bunnies - not that i like them , but i can live with them . when we arrived we were not sure where to stay .
the place is huge - so many places to be .
we met up with a bellman - angel torres .
he was a huge help .
he showed us different rooms throughout the resort and told us everything else we needed to know about the place .
he must have spent a whole hour with us !
we decided to be in las brisas wing - closer to the lobby and pool .
the marina is pretty , but the boats are noisy in the morning and the funiculars - while fun and a quick ride - would have been a pain to constantly be up and down on .
if you are lobby - goers and like to be around the casino and restaurants , internet cafe etc , then the marina will be too far for you .
at first we thought that we should be in the marina because it 's so much closer to the boat to take to palomino island ( the private island of the resort ) , but the ride on the funicular down was not that long and we only went to palomino once anyway .
everything inside the resort is outdated .
it is still pretty , but old .
keep that in mind .
you will see wear and tear everywhere , but while we were there they were painting , cleaning . .so they make attempts to keep it nice .
it is pretty inside . . . .definitely . . . .but if you want polish , perfection and new , this is not the place for you .
the rooms are definitely not the best .
the carpet needs to be changed and the tiles on the bathroom floor and walls are cracking .
the room is not as clean as it could be either .
it 's not filthy or grimy or anything , but there are dust bunnies , stains on the carpets .
the hardware is old .
i am good at letting that stuff go because there is so much beauty around the resort that you hardly notice that it is antiquated .
the views are spectacular .
i did not know this before i went , but you are so high up ( where we stayed ) that you have a panoramic view of the caribe as well as the atlantic .
it 's breathtaking .
that alone makes elcon awesome .
the food is excellent . . . all over the resort .
the caribe cafe was great .
the best banana smoothie i have ever had .
the ice cream was delicious too .
all the restaurants were incredible .
you must have pizza outside - forget the name of the place .
it is all expensive though indeed .
however , that 's the way it usually is at resorts .
we skipped breakfast , had cookies or muffins at david 's one day and went out for lunch outside the resort one day .
we went to metropol , a cuban place .
that was delicious too .
it is definitely wise to skip a meal if you can once or twice to save a little - if you are concerned about money . palmomino island : it was okay , nothing to write home about .
a small island . . . calm waters , great for the kids .
sand was a little rocky and not as white as i expected .
this is where i got into trouble because if being in dr two weeks before .
that was a beach with waves and a lot of sand . . . . . we were right on the caribe there - out in the middle of nowhere .
if you want that kind of beach , then you will need to travel to area beaches while at elcon .
just keep in mind this is a small island , so it 's different .
still , it 's nice . . . . . but it 's simple .
nothing to ooohh and awww about .
i liked the boat ride though . . . . . no matter what kind of boat , i love it ! the spa was the best part .
best massage and body treatment i have ever had .
i live in new york and i have been to the best spas in the city - world renowned places that people die to get into .
golden door has them beat as far as i am concerned .
prices were reasonable too .
i was impressed . we hired our own driver to see el yungue - the rainforest and old san juan .
we did it for about 4 hours each .
el yunque cost us about $180 plus $30 for optional tip .
old san juan cost us $210.
we tipped again on that trip , but i forget how much . . . maybe an extra $30-40.
not cheap . . . . . but worth it because we wanted to go on our own time and at our own pace .
the hotel offers group tours for just a tiny bit less , but if they do not have enough people , they cancel . . . . . .and you go for the whole day and possibly lose pool/island time .
alberto soler was our driver/guide .
he was great .
request him and you will not be disappointed .
he is worth every penny .
when you go to the old city , go down san francisco street and have lunch at mallorca .
it is a local place .
we were the only tourists in there .
the food was great and so were the pastries .
if you are like me and believe when in rome . . . . . . , then you want to be here and not in the puerto rico cafe down the road where you will be stepping over tourists .
anyway , i am already writing too much .
it is expensive , but most vacations are .
truth be told , we spent what we spent on the all - inclusive . . . .maybe we spent a couple hundred more , but in the end , it was pretty close .
vacations are not cheap , but in the end , it 's always worth the expenditure . . . . . .even when it puts us into debt .
one thing i will complain about - something i think is aboslutely stupid is that the resort will charge you for the airport transfers .
come on manangement - we are already paying enough - some things need to be complimentary . looking forward to returning someday .
the hotel is not owned by whyndam ( sp ? )anymore .
blackstone bought it and is going to begin remodels soon .
it will be nice to return when it is all finished .
they know they are sitting on a huge nest egg because of the views .
the food is great as well as the casino too . . . . . i can see this resort being in the top ten once it updates .
as old as it was - it is one of the best places to stay on the island .
the experience would have s - - - - - if we stayed at the ritz like we originally planned .
so we were pretty pleased .
if anyone has any questions you can email me , - - - - .
i 'd be happy to help .
amazing property but . . . .
we stayed at the conquistador from the 26th until the 31st .
it is an amazing property ! ! , truly one of the best hotels i have seen ( and we travel quite often ) .
the hotel , the island , the pools , truly beautiful .
but , some things need to be polished .
first , the incredibly noisy band in the lobby , please lower the volume ! ! .
it is impossible to talk or even ask for a drink while the band is playing .
seriously , the noise is unbearable .
asides from this , the rooms need to be upagraded a bit .
the quality of the food in most of the restaurants need to improve .
we liked isabella 's , but franky the rest were just eeehh whatever .
lot 's of plus 's few negatives this was the second time that i have stayed at this hotel .
i will first start with the positives as there are many .
the hotel is absolutely beautiful .
lobby , pool area , views , shops , and the beach especially .
the staff i found to be very helpful and pleasant on all occasions .
i needed a few things from housekeeping and they were promptly brought to my door within 10 minutes .
the water taxi to and from the beach is very enjoyable as well .
it takes about 15 minutes and it has beautiful views of the hotel and surrounding areas in the beautiful blue water .
we actually ate at every restaurant in the main hotel .
i found the food to be very good .
the italian restaurant otellos was the one i liked most .
we traveled with our 8 year old son who has autism and everyone was friendly and accomodating to his tastes in restaurants .
in two instances they made me something not on the menu for him .
the casino while small was very nice as well .
we did not actually gamble this time but it was clean and lively and open aired .
not smokey or crowded in any way .
the pools were clean .
there is a main pool with a slide and a volleyball net .
then there is another pool with a water platform and a swim up bar .
both areas had food and drinks to be delivered pool side or sit at a table .
there was a game room for kids , and two ice cream shops with access to the internet if you needed it .
it was 4.95 per hour for usage .
i took advantage of the shuttle service provided by the hotel .
while it was not cheap (60 rt per adult and 40 rt per child ) it was convenient and direct .
took just over an hour from san juan airport .
check in was quick and it was the holiday week .
i never saw a line at the counter at all .
that goes for the boat to the beach or any restaurant seating .
the beach is on a beautiful private island with nice sand and the water is warm and aqua .
some days there was a little seaweed but others there was none .
there were plenty of lounge chairs and towels were provided as soon as you got off the boat .
there was drink service on the beach as well as delivery of lunch if you wanted it .
we chose to eat at the tables in the small beach restaurant each day and there was never a wait for a table either .
again , keep in mind it is christmas week .
still no wait .
they had jet ski , snorkle rental equiptment , etc right on the beach .
there was also horse back riding i believe .
now all that being said . . what i was not happy with while it would not prevent me from returning again i was on a ground level room with a garden view in the la vista wing .
the room was in need of a major renovation .
carpets a bit dingy , no ventilation in the bathroom and pitted fixtures in the bathroom as well .
the linens were clean but old and in need of a replacement .
this hotel was recently sold so i know they are about to do a major renovation .
i did pay the lowest rate available for my room and they went up several levels from my rate which was 375.00.
all the rooms are the same size .
very big .
575 sq feet and i knew i would have no ocean view which i did not care about .
actually my view was of the golf course and garden and was quite nice .
as i said the complaint was on the run downness of the room .
it was a little musty too .
i had brought a scented candle with me and was glad that i did .
there is an 11% tax rate and also a 11% resort fee which i believe is going up to 15% .
it brought the room up to 450.00 and i do not believe that for that price i should be unhappy with the room in any way but i was not thrilled .
secondly , there were children 's menu 's in each of the restaurants which was great .
the food otherwise was a little pricey but something i 'm used to living in new york .
what was really pricey was the cost of soft drinks and juices .
when two eggs , and toast cost 6.50 in the coffee shop and a juice cost 3.00.
i thought that to be a little high .
nothing that ca not be fixed with bringing in juice boxes for my son .
i did not use the spa so i ca not comment on it .
my husband golfed twice and while not cheap he loved the course and did well on it .
golfing at any resort is not cheap so we expected that cost .
165.00 per round .
we love this place and will return again .
i suppose had i made a fuss i could have switched my room but i did not .
maybe next time i 'll specificy before i actually get to it and settle in .
feel free to ask any questions you might have .
beautiful grounds , expensive food i spent five days at el conquistador this december , with my two kids (3 and 6) and my parents ( in their 60s ) .
we got a fairly good deal on the air+hotel package , so despite all the reviews i read here we decided to take a chance .
overall , we had a very pleasant five day trip to pr . grounds + pools + beach : the resort grounds are indeed beautiful .
well maintained and groomed .
they impressed both my parents and me .
the pools ( three in the main complex ) are nice and my kids loved them .
my six year old loved the slide ( open 10-5) and all the pool toys ( we got them for free at the pool desk ) .
we had some minor problems getting towels after 5pm .
the staff i spoke about this with complained too many guests left their towels behind so they , the staff , had to go around collecting them the morning after ? ! palomino island beach is beautiful !
my kids both liked the short boat ride (10min ) and enjoyed the beach .
the beach got busy each day around 11 or noon and you had to search a bit longer for the right spot in the shade .
my three year old does not like to wear a swimsuit but we were a bit looked upon , as she played naked on the beach .
that was a bit of a surprise to me .
rooms : we opted for the garden - view rooms , as they were closest to the restaurants and the pools .
the view was nice , overlooking the golf course with a partial view of the distant luquillo beach .
i was happy with the room size and cleanliness .
i had a king size bed which was enough for my two kids and me .
my parents had two full beds , in the room of similar configuration .
the bathrooms were spacious and clean .
keep in mind that this resort is probably about 20-30 years old .
we had and used the in - room fridge and occasionally watched tv .
there was a vcr there as well which we did not test .
both rooms were made before noon on each day of our stay . food : the food is the weakest point of this resort .
first of all , it is expensive .
hot dogs for $10, cocktails $8, small pizza for $19.
we ended up eating at cafe caribe one night and had breakfast at david 's cookies .
the dinner for 5 (3 adults + 2 kids ) ran about $90 but was nothing special .
breakfast was about $25 for five of us ( croissants + coffee ) .
i would not mind the prices that much if the food quality was exceptional .
unfortunately , it was mediocre .
for instance , the hot dogs were small and the buns were of the worst kind ( very dry ) - - -something you get at a local fair from a girl scouts ' stand for $1.50.
we loved the fish and chips at palomino island , but the prices were even higher there than in the rest of the resort . we took advice from another tripadvisor review and ate outside most of the nights ( we had a rental car for the stay ) .
there is a number of restaurants in the vicinity of the resort .
we ate at the anchor inn one night (5 min drive ) .
they had decent seafood and local specialties .
we also went to the metropolis restaurant that serves good cuban food ( about 10 min drive ) .
both nights we paid about $80- $90, but the food was much better than what we got at the resort .
finally , on the last day of our stay we went to the luquillo food stands for lunch .
this is a strip with 20+ food stands near rt .3, next to luquillo beach , that serves local food .
be forewarned : it is mostly deep - fried but very tasty !
we spent about $20 on drinks and a small lunch for five . activities : beach and pool were the two places where we spent most of our time .
one day we went to san juan to explore the old city .
it was drizzling all day but we still enjoyed the fortress and walking around the narrow streets .
we also spent an afternoon in the el yunke rainforest .
it is about 30min drive from the resort but well worth it .
the view of the island from yokahu tower is stunning .
given the kids age i decided not to hike a lot , but there are certainly many trails for those inclined to explore the forest , waterfalls and many streams . general : before embarking on this trip i bought a lonely planet guide to puerto rico .
i always found these guides useful and this one was no exception . car
rental : we decided to rent a car for the five days we spent in pr .
this gave us the freedom to explore beyond the tours offered by the resort .
it also proved useful for eating out .
self parking in the resort is $15/day , $20 for valet .
our total rental from budget was about $250 for five days , plus about $40 for gas .
probably slightly more than the airport shuttle for five , but well worth it .
however , be ready for some traffic in pr !
it took us about 1.5h for the 35 or so miles from the airport to the resort , around 3 in the afternoon .
rt .3 is particularly bad , with frequent traffic lights .
on our second trip from san juan to the resort we decided to try a different route , suggested by lonely planet (52 south , 30 west , 53 north ) .
what a mistake !
it was a rush hour and despite all the roads being limited access ( toll+freeway ) it took us 2 hours to get back .
a part of this was because of the traffic signs , rather the lack of those .
a bit frustrating , but no worse than driving in new jersey or in boston .
repeat visitor very pleased my family of 6 people including my three children ages 1,2 and 9 and our nanny stayed at the ec from dec 18-24 and had a great time .
we have been to pr 7 times and always love this place .
our rooms in the la vista bldg were large , clean and comfortable .
we had two adjoining rooms which is a must for our large crowd .
we were originally placed in las olas .
when we arrived there with our 14 suitcases and a double stroller , we found that there was no elevator .
we called the front desk before unloading our bags and even attempting to enter our room and we were greeted by a very helpful staff member who immediately changed our rooms to the la vista bldg .
we stayed in las brisas last year and found la vista nicer , more conveniently located and newer .
we had a beautiful view of el yunque and a gorgeous sunset every night .
each room had excellent air conditioning and a functional refrigerator which was essential for us with our young children .
we were on the four for free package which i highly recommend as this includes your transfers from sju on an air conditioned motor coach and breakfast daily for two people per room .
this makes the financial pinch of the stay much more tolerable . though not in plain site , there are ramps everywhere ( other than in las olas ) to make access to all parts of the hotel easy .
the place is a city and you really do not need to leave the resort .
yes , yes , the food is expensive .
i said this in my review from last year .
we spent between $140 - $180 for dinner each night .
that is the price you pay for convenience .
blossoms is as good as any hibachi - teppan yaki japanese restaurant and otello has very good italian fare .
i had a very good steak at isabella 's and the fish is very decent at stingray .
the food at cafe caribe is not very good but is good enough for the young kids if mom and dad want to have dinner alone .
cafe caribe is also pretty reasonably priced .
the best meal of the day , however is breakfast .
the buffet in las brisas is very nice .
the restaurant is newly remodeled since last year and the food is great .
they have a secret for making oatmeal that is not to be believed . the pools are beautiful and palomino island is magnificent .
the boat ride over and back is very enjoyable .
our weather was the best we have had in puerto rico .
sunny and warm with highs of 85 -87 degrees each day .
when it is 5 below 0 in chicago how could you possibly go wrong ?
furthermore , pr is easy access from the states .
there is no immigration or customs and if you can get a direct nonstop flight which we had , the travel is not that bad , even with young children . overall , the ec is a wonderful hotel for families traveling with children who want a sprawling resort with all amenities from pool to spa , tennis and golf and a casino where you can still find $5.00 tables .
the service is accomodating with a great wait staff .
perfect , no . . . .but they do really try hard to help .
after our problem at check - in which was quickly remedied we did not have another glich for the remainder of our stay .
we are two time veterans of the ec and 7 time vets of pr .
we sing songs of praise for both the island and the resort .
bon voyage ! !
nice hotel in puerto rico we stayed in this hotel during christmas weekwe were uncomfortable to go to this hotel at the beginning based on the reviews and we believe most of the people 's reviews were correcthotel is beautiful , very very nice grounds , very nice private island . there is no more free upgrade .
you have to pay for a ocean view room ! food is very very expensive and very bad ! i wonder if anybody reads the reviews from the hotel management so they can correct this issuethis is a 4 star hotel and it will always stay 4 star hotel .
it is not for budget travellerpina colada 's are not good at all too . . . each drink is $8.00 and for parking you have to pay $15.00 per daywe strongly suggest to rent a car from the airport to hotel - -it is well worth it - - we rented a car from avis car rental and we were very impressed with their service qualitywe visited culebra island one day - - there is a ferry from fajardo to culebra island every day - - .
this island is a must see . . .it is like heavenold san juan is really nice and there is a lot to seefood in old san juan is much better than fajardo - - where the hotel is located - - 
very nice , but very expensive i just returned from 5 nights ( deluxe oceanview at marina ) with my wife at el conquistador dec 19-24.
prior to leaving i was a bit nervous based on some recent postings , but i must say i was pleasantly surprised .
the grounds are beautiful and the staff very nice and helpful .
the food is very good but extremeley expensive ( casual dining $15 sandwich , fine dining $30 plus entrees , drinks $5-10, adds up ) .
there are a lot of great activities close to the resort , including rain forest and night kayak tours , and spa was great .
each wing of the resort has its own pool , the nicest being at las casitas ( must check out the infinity pool even if just for a peek ) .
our favorite day was a trip to culebra , which is a beautiful island off the northeast coast .
only costs $4.50 round trip for a 60 minute ferry ride from fajardo ( avoid front very bumpy ) and $4 round trip taxi to flamenco beach where you can rent chairs and eat cheap .
definitely worth it ; i 've never seen a nicer beach .
the resort was very quiet while we were there , which was the nicest part .
i would probably not come here during peak season because getting around the resort will take too long ( it is very spread out requiring rides on various elevators/funiculars ) and also not a an ideal place for those on a budget .
otherwise , a great time at a beautiful resort . . . a few tips to save money : bring own snacks/liquor , eat at pasion restaurant really good off resort , and avoid the private taxis that hotel supplies charge twice as much as public taxis .
must see : culebra , casitas infinity pool .
skip : palomitas ( better islands to see ) 
our vacation exceeded all expectations . . . upon reading all of the reviews and speaking with friends who had visited in recent years , i was a bit leary about our stay at the el conquistador .
i was expecting nice facilities , attentive staff , but overall a place that had seen its best days years ago . my husband and i visited during a slow week which might account for some of our positive thoughts ( i can see how it could get a bit chaotic during busier times ) .
all staff were polite , attentive and eager to please .
while not new , our room was spacious , comfortable and quite clean . the spa was fantastic !
we had a two - for - one deal i took full advantage of and loved the services i received ( golden door massage and a heavenly reflexology treatment ) !the grounds were well maintained and inviting .
the casino was not particularly busy , allowing my husband to try his hand at all of the games he never tries on our trips to ac and vegas ! the food was so - so at best and the prices were quite high .
living in nyc we are accustomed to high prices , but here even a meal of 2 sandwiches and sodas ran us close to $40. the beach was beautiful , it felt like we were on our own private island .
if you are a beach person , the 25 minute ferry ride might seem a pain , we really enjoyed it and found it to be relaxing . overall , if you can get a deal like the one we got (2- for -1 on spa services , water sports , transfers and golf ) and go during an off week , i think you will be pleasantly surprised .
we had a very enjoyable vacation comparable or even better than ones we 've had when we 've stayed at places like the four seasons and i would come back here in a heartbeat !
beautiful hotel and grounds , but a theft problem it really was beautiful , and i thought the room was very satisfactory , the balcony access was lovely , and the grounds were really splendid .
the jacuzzis were perfect temperature and the pools well maintained .
however , our room had no safe , and i had $80 removed from my wallet .
it was in my purse , an obvious place , but i did not think much of it .
we went out swimming in the morning , and i put the do not disturb placard in the card slot for the door .
when i returned the placard was on the floor , and the money was gone .
management acted clueless .
i guess the lesson of this is to put your cash in a safe .
i was sort of disappointed by the incident because whereas it was not the end of the world , having anything stolen is a let - down .
great overall experience !
just got back from the beautiful el con .
resort and had a great trip !
the resort common areas are beautiful , there are plenty of places to sit and enjoy the views and the room was nice .
it certainly was not ritz carlton caliber , but we were more interested in the outdoor facilities and the common areas than the rooms .
the private island , called palimino island , is stunning .
it was a nice treat to take a boat there and back , the sand is white and soft and the water is a bright turquiose - y blue .
the pool areas are all great , with waiters looking to bring you drinks everywhere you turn .
the spa is great , although some areas could use some sprucing up , the treatments were so relaxing and the aestheticians were excellent . in the evenings , the casino is a fun place to be , with fun dealers , who speak english and spanish perfectly .
it was a little smokey , but i did not really expect anything different . my biggest complaint is room service .
do not even attempt it .
the first thing we ordered was a salad , which i very explicitly explained to the english speaking person who took our order that i wanted plain .
i said plain lettuce , tomato and cucumber .
no onion , no dressing , nothing on it , not even oil or vinegar . . . really , this is important , it has to be plain .
she replied that this was no problem , they call it a health salad , it has nothing on it , but she can send up dressing on the side if i want .
i declined , saying i really just wanted the vegetables . 1 hour later ( yes 1 full hour for 3 vegetables ) our 2 salads arrived .
they were perfect , except for one thing .
they were covered in grated cheese , and i mean covered .
i could not eat it , and could not wash it off , and had to send it back and forget it .
the next day we decided to try something easier .
fruit loops and a grapefruit .
this took over an hour to get to the room and the fruit loops were stale .
then we opened the cover on the grapefruit and were happy to see exectly what we wanted , except the inside of the cover was smeared with chicken or beef fat ( very greasy and brown ) and the remains of someone else 's meal .
it was the most revolting sight over my fresh crisp grapefruit .
once again , we had to send it back . they did apologize and give us credits for both meals , but if i were going to this beautiful resort again , i would avoid room service altogether .
after that display , who knows how clean the kitchen itself could actually be . all in all , this was a great vacation , in a great place , where you feel seperate from the rest of the world .
birthday on the beach i was not sure what to expect after reading some of the reviews on here .
my husband and i stayed at the resort for 4 days in november and we really liked it . first , it is not a budget place to stay - -the rooms , food , etc . are expensive .
but we ate well and at a reasonable cost by avoiding the restaurants in the main part of the hotel : we ate at the more casual places on - site and the prices were about what we would pay back home in nyc .
( same with cocktails . )
the food of puerto rico was not represented at any of of the restaurants , which i thought was a shame .
and i 'd definitely recommend skipping the breakfast buffet - -it 's really way overpriced unless you 're a big eater . we had a room with a full ocean view and it was big , with a nice bathroom and balcony .
cleaned every day , everything was in very good condition .
the staff were very pleasant throughout our stay , whether they were cleaning staff or the concierge .
they helped us book a nighttime kayak trip to a nearby bioluminescent bay ( this was a fun trip and i 'd recommend it to anyone ) .the pools and the beach were fantastic .
i ca not say enough good things about them .
the fitness center was good , but not deluxe ( we just used the free one and not the one associated with the spa , which costs $ , and which is probably deluxe ) .
as another reviewer mentioned , you should not stay here if you 're hoping to see the real puerto rico .
it 's definitely a resort where you 're meant to stay put the whole time .
but if that 's what you 're looking for , you ca not go wrong here .
what a relaxing trip ! ! like many others , i read all of the horrible reviews for this resort and i was really nervous about our trip .
my husband and i went to this resort for our second honeymoon .
we could not have asked for anything nicer .
the one huge warning i would give people is that they do not recommend using cash on this resort .
everything is charged to your account unless you ask to pay cash but they never have any on hand and if you do not have exact change you will wait forever for change .
the account thing is very convenient but if not careful it can really add up quick , so if you plan on paying with cash then remember to bring a lot of change .
we stayed in the casitas and they were fabulous !
the villas are gorgeous and the service was spectacular .
you also recieve a few perks like free contintenal breakfast , free internet service and a 24 hr butler at your beck and call .
the infinity pool at the casitas was the best one by far .
it was overlooking the water on the cliff and the view was breath taking .
you also have a full kitchen and if you have the oppoitunity to shop and keep stuff to eat and drink , this would really cut back on cost .
the one thing that really stands out in our mind was when we were getting ready to check out , it was pouring rain .
we called our butler and he brought us the bill to our villa , carried out our bags to the shuttle and left an open umbrellas at our doorstep for us when we were ready to go .
the restaurants are good but they were expensive .
i would compare the prices to amusement park prices .
the drinks were what we found to be most costly .
two drinks and a tip would cost us a twenty spot .
a few rounds definitely added up .
we liked the ballyhoo bar  grill at the marina .
they were friendly , food was good and they had a tv .
definelty go to the burger  shakes grill by the pool .
their menu was interesting .
try the sloppy joe wrap !
we had dinner at one of the dress code restaurants called isabellas .
this was a steak/seafood restaurant that was very good but again very pricey .
everything is a la carte and the side dishes are big so you can share one of those .
after dinner we went over to drake 's cigar lounge .
there is a pool table , couches and after dinner drinks .
that was my husbands favorite . palomina island is everything they say . . . gorgeous !
when i think of the carribean , this is what i picture , palm trees , horseback riding on the beach , crystal blue water , white sand and tiki huts .
try the dirty banana drink , it is very yummy !
the only two complaints that we had was that we wanted to be away and relax and everyone at that resort had constant cell phones ringing that drove us nuts and the elevators did breakdown a lot , but in the big realm of things it was better for us to walk .
otherwise everything was very enjoyable , but i feel our opinion may be different than those that stayed in the hotel because that 's where most of the complaints came from , so we definitely recommend the casitas .
pleasantly surprised !
after reading recent reviews , i was reluctant to continue my vacation at this resort .
we found the staff to be pleasant and accomodating .
the rooms were clean .
the resort is so large , i only saw a portion of it and was unable to go to the spa which i hear is beatiful .
the funiculars function day and night and the shuttles to palomino island are available until 5:30 pm .
the island is beatiful and relaxing - your own paradise .
the only complaint i would have is the overpriced restaurants .
i would suggest renting a car as the shuttle from the airport is $60 round trip per person anyway .
if you rent from avis , you can park on their lot on the resort and avoid the $10 day parking fee which should have been included in the resort taxes .
you can take a day trip to both old san juan or the rain forest during the day .
there are many restaurants right in town and you can stock up at the local supermarket or walmart and keep some items for snacking the fridge in your room .
i was pleasantly surprised .
room for improvement but overall great stay - rent a car ! this is our second stay at el conquistador .
i have seen many negative reviews of the hotel and i am surprised .
i think the hotel definately can make improvements but overall , it is aboove average . wyndham by request member - if you are planning on staying here , enroll in this program .
it 's free and you get to set some preferences on your room and get a complimentary snack and beverage at arrival . arrival from airport - the hotel provides a shuttle , we rented a car at the airport .
it is very easy to get to the hotel and it is only about a 45 minute ride .
you get there via a major road ( rpute 3) with many shops and restauratns .
it 's a good opportunity to scope out the area for places to eat since it is very expensive to eat at the resort . car rental - highly recommend .
yes , expect to pay $10/day for self park or $15/day for valet ( we did this ) but the fact that you are able to got out to eat and get snacks at walmart instead of eating at the resort makes up for the cost . room - we were happy with our rooms .
we reserved run of the house and so were a bit nervous about where we would be assigned .
the wyndham by request members benefit allows you to select the type of floor you want to stay in .
we selected higher ground floor and so we got the top - floor #6 on the vistas wing off the main lobby .
absolutely stunning !
we had room #4627 overlooking the cliff , , palomino island , las casitas and the ocean .
wonderful breeze and breathtaking sunrises .
my parents were accross from us in #4639, also breathtaking views of the golf course , mountains and el yunque rainforest , stunning sunsets and beautiful at night .
the rooms were cleaner than when we stayed the first time .
pleasantly surprised with the size , separate toilet area , huge closet in bathroom , vanity and sink and tub .
our room had 2 double beds , with a table and desk and patio also with table overlooking the ocean .
room had snack bar and an additional refrigereator in the bathroom .
this is where renting a car comes in handy !
there is a walmart and walgreens about a 10 minute ride from the hotel .
we stocked up on soda and snacks and packed them in our fridge .
prices are outrageous at the resort .
if you are on a budget , recommend you go out on your own to eat and also sightseeing . service - mixed emotions about this one .
very slow pace in puerto rico , prepare to wait !
we called housekeeping for towels and have yet to get them .
expect to wait 5-15 minutes for valet .
keep in mind we went in september which is slow season .
called the concierge desk , phone rang and rang , no one ever answered .
tried to rent a movie , system was down and had to call the front desk after 3 attempts and about 10 minutes later we got through .
really , not efficient service .
we arrived early and waited in line to check in - we were told to come back to get the keys which is fine but we had to wait in line again .
had some money to change and were told they could only change $50.00 for us .
the bell services is great , seems this is the only area in the hotel that is efficient and quick .
overall , everyone is pleasant .
restaurants - cafe caribe is affordable and they are the only ones to offer authentic puerto rican food .
dinner for 3 including something to drink was $66.00 with the tip .
david 's cookies is a good place to get snacks and coffee .
ordered room service on one day , delivery was pretty quick and the burger was very good .
paid $15.00 for a burger and fries .
for breakfast , we did not want to pay $20/person for the buffet ( we did last time and were dissapointed ; flies on the food ) .
so we went to david 's and got a huge croissant , ham and cheese sandwich for $3.75, this was very reasonable for us .
the rest of the time we went out to eat .
metropol restaurant at the plaza offers great cuban food .
anchor 's inn is a must - owner pedro is a great guy .
we go here whenever we stay in pr .
to get here , leave the hotel and at the main entrance/exit take a left .
follow the road for about 1/2 a mile , anchor 's inn will be on your right side .
the camarones al ajillo or shrimp scampi is very tasty .
the best entree was the chillo ( red snapper ) cooked to your liking , we had it fried .
remember , food is prepared fresh so there will be a wait .
for breakfast there is also the local panaderias or bakeries .
for $7.00 four of us bought , sandwiches a la plancha ( ham and cheese on bread flattened on the grill ; like panini ) , a loaf of bread and butter , 4 coffees and 2 juices .
you will not go hungy in pr - there is food everywhere and vendors line up the streets .
luquillo beach , right after el yunque has the famous kioskos ( kiosks that line up the beach ) .
here for $15.00 4 of us ate chicken on the grill , fried plantain , 2 empanadillas , green bananas , and drinks . palomino - this is the hotels private island .
we cold have stayed here all week .
it is very relaxing and convenient .
only about a 25 minute boat ride from the hotel .
there is a restaurant that offers food and drink .
lunch for 4 was $66 for chicken tenders , fish and 2 chicken sandwiches - very different from our lunch at luquillo beach , a beer and 3 pina coladas totaled $26.00.
two years ago when we went we bought a cooler at walmart and packed in drinks and snacks .
the resort seems to be more money hungry and now prohibit coolers .
we still packed snacks and warm soda and water in our back packs and asked for ice at the restaurant .
bring your water/rock shoes .
some of the beach areas are rocky . sightseeing - do it on your own !
we were shocked to see that the hotel charges about $65.00 for the el yunque rainforest excursion .
we went there for free .
just drive down route 3 for about 20-25 minutes and drive through the forest .
we went to viequez for a day .
the ferry leaves the fajardo marina which is about 10 minutes from the hotel at 9:30 ( there are other schedules but if you want to spend time on the bech , you have to get there early in order not to miss the ferry back ; the last one leaves viequez at 6:00 pm ) .
tickets are only $2.00 per person , ferries are big with some areas airconditioned .
takes about 1 1/2 to get to viequez .
when you dock there will be taxies waiting for you .
ask for fernando from el ardillo fast driving .
nice guy with lots of knowledge of the island .
showed us 2 beaches so we could pick which one we wanted to stay in .
we were pressed for time so we went to the only beach with public toilets and showers and a small snack bar .
fernando asked us for a pick up time and came and picked us up .
we went to sun bay beach or as they know it sombe ; half moon beach lined with palm trees and wild horses .
we were the only ones there !
the water is rougher than luquillo and definately palomino and get 's deep only after a few feet so stay close to shore as there are no life guards and in our case , no one around .
viequez is very relaxing and the peopl are very laid back .
very small and everyone know each other .
economy is suffering because of the removal of the us naval base .
you can also get to viequezs via a car ferry that takes about 2 hours . advice - if you can , check the internet for hours of operations on places you want to visit .
many places are closed on monday and tuesdays like luquillo beach .
remember thought that unlike the us , all beaches in pr are public it 's just a matter of whether you can get in .
we went to luqillo on monday the gate was closed but we parked where the kiosks are and just walked down the beach .
some places i tried calling nver answered there phones and some published schedules had changes .
just ask the locals .
buy puerto rico by lonely planet tour book , is the most comprehensive i have seen and we have found places that even us as puerto ricans did not know about .
beautiful resort beautiful resort with exquisite views and vistas .
the staff was cordial and accomodating .
beware thoogh that you will be paying a pretty penny for any services .
do not even think about eating or drinking anything from the refrigerator or snack bar .
it is $6.00 for a quarter of a container of pringles !
if you consume any of these snacks or drinks they will happily refill it for you the next day but be aware when you check out you will be hit by a bill of a couple of hundred dollars , for what might have costed maybe $50.00 in a supermarket .
my tip is go to a local supermarket and buy snacks and drinks for a fraction of the cost and put it in a second refrigerator in the bathroom .
this will save you lots of money especially if you have hungry kids looking for a snack like we did .
beautiful propery i was a little nervous after reading some past reviews , but we had a great time .
we had no problems regarding the funicular or the ferry to palomino island .
i recommend joining wyndham by request to take advantage of their 2 for 1 offers ( golf , spa treatments , etc . )
as others have stated , food is very expensive .
rent a car and go outside the hotel to some local places ( lolita 's for mexican - a la banda for seafood and steak ) .
the golf course was amazing but bring a lot of golf balls .
it get 's a little easier if you play it a second time .
my wife and i both enjoyed the spa .
the casino was small but adequate ( not too many people playing craps ) .
on palamino island we used the wave - runners , which were fun and we also went horseback riding ( a waste of money ) .
the pools were also very nice and there are 3 or 4 of them to chose from .
the staff was friendly and helpful our whole stay . yes , the rooms themselves were average at best , but the overall property was beautiful and if you 're looking to get away for a few days , i would recommend staying there .
ocean villas are quiet and beautiful !
looking for a quiet , family villa , try the ocean villas .
ocean 16 is the newest property .
we booked thru www . wheretostay . com
( ask for andrew ) .
they took great care of us .
concierge on property is just okay .
you 'll need a rental car and help with restaurants since there are only a few on the property .
try pasion . . . (near el conquistador hotel ) and aguaviva  pikayo ( in art museum ) in san juan .
be sure to go to el yungue rain forest and do bioluminenscent kayak tour .
enjoy ! !
a most relaxing vacation just returned from a week at the rio mar and we had a most enjoyable time .
i did not expect the hotel or the grounds to be as nice as they were .
our rooms were very lovely . . . ocean view , flat screeen tv , etc . . . although the doors to the rooms were a bit tired , light , flimsy and not sound proof enough . we had a wonderful package which included breakfast and other incentives . . . . . .the restaurants in the hotel were very good for a resort ( especially enjoyed palio ) and the help were as nice as they could be .
no need to wake up at dawn to get chairs at the beach or pool . . . they were plentyful and always a staff member around to assist you with whatever you needed .
if only the weather were a bit better it would have been perfect !
great location for the rain forest if you want to go to el yunque , this hotel is perfect as it has a beach and it 's not too far from the rain forest .
staff was very professional and friendly .
the lobby is gorgeous .
there are two pools - - a smaller adult lap pool and another larger pool with a small water slide .
lounge chairs there are very comfortable .
grounds are beautiful . our room was decorated very tastefully and the beds were probably one of the most comfortable i 've ever slept on .
you can definitely tell that this hotel has been around for a while , but things are well maintained .
i guess when wyndam took over , they only renovated the lobbies and not the rooms .
but they were still comfortable enough .
quite a nice place the wyndham rio mar is situated in a nice location about 40 min from the san juan airport .
it is in a gated community and has a resort like atmosphere .
it is great for a family getaway .
there are many inexpensive deals on the internet for this hotel and it is well worth the price on these sites . the rooms were spacious and clean .
we did not have any problems with our room and the bathroom was nice .
it is in the westin/marriott/hyatt type category .
there are flat screen tv 's in every room .
sign up for wyndham by request/rewardsand you will surely get an upgrade to an ocean view room like we did .
the grounds are very lush and well maintained .
it is important to rent a car for this hotel so that you do not feel trapped on the property .
the round trip airport transfer is $60/person so the cost is made up quickly .
we rented a camry from hertz at $188/week .
the food at the hotel is only fair and at typical resort prices .
go to lolitas for great mexican food and la parilla ( kiosk #2) for fresh fish and beef .
guavas in luquillo had good food as did don pepes very near the hotel . the rental car will serve you well to go on your own to the rainforest .
do not take a $75/person tour .
you can drive there in 10 minutes and hike the trails which are well marked .
you can go to the visitors center where there is a film , gift shop etc . overall , we had a very nice time at this property and at a reasonable rate .
great hotel great hotel .
family vacation with two children , great location , great amenities .
received wyndham rewards upgrade to ocean front room overlooking the pool , but because the room was booked through a third party , amex , was not comped the internet and was not told this until check - out .
food was good , as stated in other reviews , it was expensive , but you are at a resort .
snacks , drinks , etc can be purchased at a small grocery at turn from route 3 into the property .
also a bakery there with great breakfast sandwiches .
rented a car , self parking was slightly inconvenient in an attempt to get you to use the valet service .
the rental car was great , took side trips to the rain forest and old san juan .
also went to several restraunts off property , richies and kiosk #2.
both were fun for atmosphere and the food was good but also not cheap .
pool was well maintained , clean , towels were plentyful and comfy .
beach was clean and staff always available to help with chairs , drinks , food etc .
all staff very friendly .
great stay . . . everything about the rio mar is great ! ! ! good food , beautiful beach and pool area , excellent service .
we just got back on this weekend from a week long stay , and we have no complaints about the resort .
i was expecting some problems after reading sme reviews , but i have to say that the people with any bad experiences with the hotel must have extremely high expectations ! ! !
if you want a great meal with an amazing view , take the shuttle to richies .
we also took a cab to don pepe 's ( amazing food . . . also you get 2 complemetry drinks with a pass from the conceirge desk , but the cab will run you $20 roundtrip ) .
definetly buy some beer on the way from the hotel , as drinks are a bit pricey at the resort .
we had alot of fun at the casino , and actually won some money .
also , ask if there are any spa specials .
we ended up sitting though a 2 hr sales presentation for time shares , but the 30 minutes massage we got as a gift was well worth it . if you want a relaxing vacation , this is the place to go .
would go back again in a heartbeat ! ! !
pleasantly surpised very nice 4 star hotel with your typical sized hotel room , rooms are nothing special but sufficient .
the grounds , pools , and beach are very well kept .
beach chairs and pool chairs were overly abundant but it was november and the hotel was maybe 75% full .
some reviews talked down the beach , don?? expect crystal blue water with white sand , it?? more of a fine brown sand but kept very clean by the staff .
you will find ??tuff? ? in the water but it?? typical seaweed , no signs of jellyfish or other offensive items in the water and i did spend a lot of time body surfing . i definitely recommend a rental car , the money spent on the car will be easily made up in food and excursion savings .
save the $70/person rain forest bus trip and drive yourself .
stop at the el yunque welcome center for $3/person and get the maps to all the rain forest attractions there .
we did the trail to the waterfall with a 7 and 4 year old , took about 30 minutes to get there .
we beat the bus trip people by 20 minutes to the water fall and had the area to ourselves with about 5 other people .
once they showed up it got very crowded .
if you hike to the water fall take a bathing suit , a towel to dry off , and water .
you will not find anything to drink on the way , you must take everything .
rocks are very slippery and i would recommend sandals in the water but you don?? want to have to hike back with wet sandals .
i recommend sneakers for the hike and not a cheap sandal . the fort san felipe del morro in old san juan was worth the trip , kids thought it was a castle and found it interesting , again save the bus trip and drive there , entry fee was $6/person . if you have a gps with us maps , most likely peurto rico will be in there ! ! !
we took our garmin nuvi 200 and it had everything in it , rain forest , del morro , etc . food ? ? we typically don?? eat dinner at hotels because the food is blah and overpriced .
we ate out every night with the kids at local restaurants and saved a lot of money .
richie?? at the top of the hill near the entrance to rio mar was good but didn?? have a kids menu , they kids ended up splitting a $30 rib plate .
dinners were good and the view was nice . puerto rican restaurant where 968 meets route 3 had good food but was very slow , waited about 1 hour for food after we ordered , they operate on local time . kiosk #2 ? ? if you take route 3 east towards luquillo about 2 miles east on the left hand side of the route 3 you??l see what looks like a long row of shacks and bars .
each one has a number and on a recommendation we ate at kiosk #2, had two fish dishes that were very good with too much food that we couldn?? finish our plates .
don?? be scared by some of the shacks , some look very rough and shady , just drive by and park in front of the one you want .
we found #2 to be clean , friendly and noticed about 4 other families from rio mar there . if you like mexican you must try lolita?? , it was so good we went back a second time .
food is authentic mexican and cheap .
for example tacos are $1.75 and the 2 burrito plate was $8.
maps and gps didn?? have the location correct , if you head east on route 3, you must go about 2 miles past downtown luquillo , it?? in a little strip mall next to condom world . parking , don?? waste your time with valet parking , it?? $30/day and it takes forever to get your car .
do the self park for $15/day .
the rooms have the mini bar fridge left in the room but empty .
ours worked so we stocked up at the super market on route 3 and it kept everything cold . sign up for wyndham rewards online before you go .
you get free in room internet and a few other perks but make sure they take off the 14.95 daily internet charge when you check out .
they try to slip it in to see if you aren?? paying attention .
beautiful island - great food off of the resort my husband and i live in nyc and came here on our honeymoon .
it was just what we needed as we are not typically beach people .
if you are bored on the beach - - definitely take the tours !
we found the casual restaurants to be a lot better than the more expensive ones .
it makes little sense to have an upscale italian restaurant in a touristy resort in puerto rico .
these are not the most beautiful beaches - but it was quiet in the off season - and we enjoyed the iguanas .
if you want good food ( it 's not especially cheap ) then go to richie 's !
the food and views are awesome !
mmm mofongo ! !
the service was very good at the resort - - but the food - bleh !
they need more carribean cuisine !
even mexican would be much better than italian !
a bit of paradise beautiful resort with great service .
very nice rooms and bath .
the only complaint is that our room was over the parking garage and we could hear cars coming in and out all night .
the beach is beautiful and the pools great .
we had delicious meals in the restaurants .
a wonderful time was had by all !
rio mar a beautiful resort my husband and i took our 18 year old son and his friend to the rio mar/puerto rico as a high school graduation present .
the room was clean with a terrific view and the beds very comfortable .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
the restaurants ' food was good but expensive .
there are many food options outside the resort and there is an excellent restaurant up the cliff from the resort called richie 's .
the alcoholic drinks at any of the bars were very small and very expensive .
we bought some beer from the outside and kept it on ice since the refrigerator was not working .
it is best to rent a car giving you more flexibility but the hotel charges daily parking .
the spa is very nice and relaxing .
the golf courses were beautiful but expensive to use .
the pools were not the cleanist and the staff had to be told several times to clean the scum accumulating near the steps of the adult pool .
the beach was kept clean but you could not snorkel in the water since you can not see more than one foot in front of you .
nightlife is non - existent except for the casino .
a nightclub with music would be nice .
overall , a very nice , quiet resort if you are looking for a relaxing vacation but be prepared to spend .
nice and frequent deals on price went there for a conference in july .
my friend ( not associated with the conference ) accompanied .
although i only experienced the room , swimming pool , and beach while i was there ( oh and conference facilities ) i was very impressed .
however , i feel like it may have been a little covered by just really liking puerto rico .
nice size rooms , clean baths and beds .
they have wi fi .
our room had a great view of the beach .
did not like the fact that though the hotel is away from san juan and nightlife and therefore requires car rental they charged for parking .
but that is a beef i have with many hotels all over the country and abroad .
very close to the yunque .
also , the food on site is not cheap ( therefore making car rental advisable ) .
i also recieved excellent service while there .
when they do get busy however an in person request is more expeditious than a phone call .
i am going again in december .
i will update this review with more details and pictures at that time .
pleasant stay at the rio mar we stayed aug 14-18, 2008.
going in i was not sure what to expect .
i had read both good and bad reviews on the hotel .
so , we got there and the rental car experience ( airport ) was a little messy but we made it down rt 3 to the rio mar .
the hotel and grounds are nice .
two golf courses .
the lobby area is pleasant .
there is a bar in this general area , that gets croweded with adults at night ( esp weekends ) .
there is also a small casino at the hotel .
the concierge was helpful in finding local restaurants .
wireless internet is available in the lobby area .
there are 4 computers for use by all in the lobby area too . we were upgraded to a jr suite , which my wife enjoyed .
i did take the advice from a review on this site to join the wyndham rewards program before we went .
the upgraded room was nice .
terry robes in the closet , flat panel tv , king size bed , large sitting area .
we even received a bottle of wine with cheese and crackers .
the bed was turned down every night of our 5 day stay .
the bathroom was clean and up to date ( my pet peeve ) .
the pools were nice .
an adult only pool and others , plus a slide .
the beach is very close .
we enjoyed a nice long walk .
the sand is not clean but its not dirty with trash .
just some minor things that wash in from the ocean - small pieces of wood , etc .
it is a public beach , that is occupied by resort guests mostly .
there are chairs and umbrellas available to use .
there is security to get into and out of the resort .
the weekend use , on the beach , was higher than weekdays .
we ate breakfast at marbella 's one time ( at hotel ) .
price was 20.00 pp .
it was good with a large selection .
we also ate at richie 's , laparella 's , and the restaurant on the corner of rt 3, just down from the resort .
the prices at local places are anywhere from $10- $15 pp .
the food good and the portions large .
the dining areas are all outside , so dont expect ac while dining at local places .
i recommend richie 's for the view from the mountain .
there is also all the regular fast food places in loquillo and fajardo , just east on rt 3. we visited the large mall in san juan and the outlet stores at rt 3  66.
visit the rain forest .
it was a good day .
you will need time to enjoy everything and hike to the larger waterfall , if you want .
you can drive the entire thing and get out to walk certain areas - falls , sight towers .
old san juan was good .
lots of history .
have to go back and finish that tour . one drawback - not easy to access water sport activities .
were given a sheet and prices at concierge but never received a return call .
oh , and if you plan to do a lot , outside the resort , sharpen up on the spanish .
all traffic signs are in spanish .
i do recommend having a car if staying here .
valet parking is $20 a day and self is $15 per day .
we used valet just for convenience .
there were other events at the hotel which made self parking a little crowded .
just back from the rio mar we just returned from the rio mar .
our room was very nice , high ceilings , with a ocean view .
we found the bed very comfortable , with a nice selection of pillows .
the staff was very helpful .
jesus at the concierge desk was very helpful .
had the hand and foot ritual at the spa .
it was a splurge , but i really enjoyed it .
we rented a car and did a little exploring .
what they say about the puerto rican drivers is true !
they are truly an aggressive bunch of drivers .
motorcycles zip between lanes .
you must use your best defensive driving skills here .
we went to the rainforest ( it was , ok . ) i was dissapointed that we did not see very many birds or critters of any kind !
we took the big tree trail to la mina falls . we were told it was a flat trail .
it was up and down hills . when we arrived at the falls , it was so packed with people , we could not even dunk our feet in !
we also went to las plaza americas , the big mall .
it was a very nice , large mall , with all the same stores we have in the states .
we ate at the resort .
theitalian restaurant was very pricey , but very good .
the bread waswonderful .
i had the chicken marsala , and it was very good . my husband had the raviolli stuffed with butternut squash .
he said it was like eating desert for dinner .
marabella restaurant was much better priced .
we ate there several times and everything we ordered was good .
try the ribs , they had a guava bbq sauce on them .
if you are lucky , you can get served byvladamir .
he was good at describing the puerto rican dishes .
we went out of the resort and up to the top of the hill to trepas ( ? ) .inexpensive puerto rican food with a great view .
we had a little difficulty getting the waiter to understand what we wanted , but with some pointing at the menu ( in spanish and english ) , we were able to communicate .
the pool area was great .
there were plenty of lounge chairs .
a very nice waitress strolls through frequently to bring you drinks and snacks .
the casino was small , but fun .
lots of 5 cent slots . i did not see anyone winning much , but it was something to do in the evening .
overall , we had a very relaxing vacation .
pretty good for the price ! ! ! ! well this hotel wasnt bad for the price .
let me explain .
i am one who goes to timeshare presentations , because they offer you a nice trip for a low price .
now for 5 days i paid $495.
when i went to our timeshare presentation , the person said we had a great deal coming here because the usual rate for the room we were in was $418 a nite ! ! ! ! wow .
i would have been mad if i paid that amount for the room , but since mine come out to about $100 per nite , i was very happy .
pros : the hotel is big .
we had a rental car and it takes about 3-4 to drive out to the main road from the parking lot .
if you golf this is a dream resort .
we went for a get - away just to relax , and we did .
we got an ocean suite after check - in ( i didnt have to bribe or prompt anyone either ) .
the room was very nice and clean .
flatscreen , internet ready and a beautiful !
view of the pool and ocean .
the breeze was great .
nice little balcony to hang out on .
the pool is big and clean and a joy to swim in .
it has many restaurants , we only ate at one .
the marbella was nice , we only ate breakfast there .
the buffet was $20 pp , but it came w/ everything .
omelet station , pastrys , fruit - -you name it .
so i guess the price wasnt too bad .
overall , the rio mar wasnt too bad .
i have stayed in better hotels , but this was a nice one to hang out in if you are with the family .
on saturday nite , the lobby is decked out in candles , there was a guy playing guitar and later on a little spanish band played while the people danced .
that was cool to see .
cons : ok the bad .
even though the hotel decor was nice , you could see where the exterior needs touching up .
this building seems like it has been here for a while .
while paint isnt falling off , it could use renovation .
also , the beach is dirty !
although the beach is off the property and public , you would think since guests were there you would clean it up .
full of cig butts , straws , cups , and other small things .
i had to watch my step .
but the sand is soft and water clear .
there are a few vendors on the beach where you can rent a kayak or other sports , but not too many water sports at the resort .
you have to go off site and pay like $80-100 for those .
as with hotels everything is double in price , whether its bagels , muffins or water .
the drinks are small and cost $10( they are good though ) .
two big things i hated was parking .
$20 per day for valet , $15 for self park .
fortunately for me the lot was full for self park , so their other lot the gate didnt work , so most of the trip i didnt pay for parking .
i think i paid only one day .
also , you know when you check in they place a hold on your credit card for incenditals .
usually 2-300 bucks right ?
these jokers placed $900 hold on mine ! ! !
they said there system was set up that way , they cant help it .
i was [ - ] because 1.
no one told me that at check - in , 2. who places almost a $1000 block on people 's credit card ?
between that and the car rental , i had $14 credit left .
fortunately , i had some more cash i could have used .
so all in all a nice vacation .
it is an expensive resort , so bring some cash if you want to eat/drink there .
i would suggest renting a car , becuase its far from the airport , and if you want to go off the property , you 'll need it , unless you are a professional hiker .
they charge for transportation everywhere , so even though parking is $15 bucks , i would pay for convenience .
all the major car rentals are off - site from the airport , so just reserve on - line and take a shuttle there .
the el yunque rainforest is very close , so drive there and its free .
also richie 's restaurant is nice , good food at a restaurant overlooking the mountains .
very romantic , about a 5min drive from the hotel .
planning for next year , it was wonderful this trip was relaxing and great .
first off the room had a great view of the mountains .
rainforest and lanscape .
you really feel like you 're on a vacation , plus each room has a private balcony .
my freind and i arrived in san juan july 21 and we were a bit nervous that we wouldnt find our way around easily .
we arranged in advance , for the hotel to pick us up from the airport .
they were really easy to find .
the cost for the transportation was a bit much at $30pp/per way , but it was definetly convient .
once you arrange to have them pick you up they automatically give you a bill for a roundtrip ride , so the total cost for two people was $120.00.
if you cancel the ride going back to the airport you dont get reimburst or that was my understanding from reading the ticket they give you when they pick you up . upon arriving at the hotel the driver pointed out a few places off the resort we may like to visit such as places to eat and shop .
check in was fast and easy , the staff extremely friendy and even allowed us to check in a couple hours early .
the property was lovely , cost for food in the resort ran us btw $40- $50 a meal ( we only ate breakfast on the resort ) .
food off the property i didnt find that much cheaper , maybe we didnt travel far enough but the price was about the same as the resort .
the food was awsome though , wroth the money .
we rented a car the second day we were there for about $65a/day .
i suggest if you stay here to rent a car because the cost of the cab would be more depending on how many times per day you would need a cab .
we were going to take a cab to the rainforest which cost $150 ( just to give you an idea of how much you would be spending ) so we rented the car .
and self parking is like $15- $20 a day , and you must validate your parking ticket at the valet both everyday if you park in the garage .
driving around sanjuan is easy once you get on the highway , the local roads are very narrow and windy .
the hotel provides information and directions to different places to visit if you ask .
theres a outlet mall about 2miles that has just about every store you can find in the states , and if you dont feel like eating local there 's always kfc mcdanolds , berger king , and even a sizzler .
the beach at the resort was lovely .
the water was warm and the waves not too big .
the pool was warm and big and a seperate kiddy pool .
as far as stuff to do at night , theres not much .
the casino is open untill 2am and you can hang out by the pool or the bar located in the lobby of the hotel .
everything in san juan is closed by like 10 so theres nothing to do off the resort .
overall the trip was great and i would definetly visit again .
very satisfying summer break my husband and i spent last week at the rio mar and had a wonderful time .
the staff are professional and helpful .
shuttles run like clockwork , as do the golf course and spa .
the resort is beautiful - landscaping and beach are gorgeous .
the beach sand is the color of light brown sugar and the water is cool and clear aqua .
the room is a nice size for two people - we had a rain forest/mountain view .
the beds are very comfortable and the decor is neutral and crisp . we knew prices would be in resort range from the reviews here , but made it work with breakfasts in the cafe by the casino , usual size lunches and not pigging out at dinner .
honestly , we were not here to eat , with the exception of trying some puerto rican cuisine .
time on the beach in a swim suit was much more important .
we did splurge on drinks .
they are $10 but you are on vacation ! we fed the iguanas twice , my husband golfed on the river course , we toured the rain forest and took the sail  snorkel trip .
the rain forest is a nice day - great scenery , a hike , and lunch at a local roadside restaurant .
i am now addicted to mofungo . the sail/snorkel trip is a wonderful day on the water .
the night life after dinner is limited to the casino and the pools .
walks on the beach are romantic - lots of moonlight and starlight . this is a great location for a true break - everything you need is on site .
the rio mar is a good first timers location .
our next trip we will rent a car to explore puerto rico on our own , but this was a lovely introduction .
nice resort but depends on your room location .
uneven staff .
view from room 5029 
very enjoyable stay ! ! save money and go local to eat my boyfriend and i booked a 6 night stay through cheapcarribean . com
at the rio mar in march .
we had a wonderful time !
the room ( standard ) was beautiful and spacious .
we did not have an ocean view , and we did not mind at all because the view of el yunque from our balcony was breathtaking .
the pool and beach areas were clean , and well maintained .
it gets crowded fast , so if you want lounge chairs or an umbrella get there early or send someone ahead .
the breakfast buffet was incredible , but it was around $25 pp and if it had not been included with our room we probably would have gone else where to eat .
the restaurants on the resort were all pretty expensive , same for the drinks at the bars around the pool area .
i would highly recommend renting a car ( valet $20 per day ) to venture off to local restaurants .
richie 's was fantastic , we ended up going there 2 times .
also brisas del verde was a great cheap lunch option ( i think we paid $12 for a chicken , 2 sides , and 2 beers ) .
the kiosks near luquillo beach were great too , in particular we liked la parrilla .
isamar bakery was great for sandwiches .
if you have the time and the patience , do the timeshare talk !
we got free massages and a free 3 night stay at any wyndham hotel .
the staff at rio mar were very friendly , and helpful with recommendations and giving us directions .
just an fyi , there is not much night life out in rio grande .
rio mar has a small - ish casino , and a bar area open late , but outside of that it came to a lull .
we did not mind so much though , after a long day of being outdoors , we were happy with the down time .
villarentals at wydham 's rio mar - good location if you plan it well over easter weekend , my family stayed next to the wyndham rio mar at the ocean villas .
we rented through rio mar villa rentals ( http : //www . resortvillarentals . com ) .
we enjoyed the resort , our villa , and the area , but we would have enjoyed it more if we had planned better . our villa was a 2- bedroom , 2- bath , with 2 balconies , full kitchen , washer/dryer , and nice furnishings .
there were a few items missing when we checked in , such as bowls and plates .
the conceirge , who is on - site most days from at least 9-5, quickly brought us what we needed .
if you rent an ocean villa and do not use the website i referenced above , you can not use the on - site concierge service .
i highly recommend going through this professional , courteous rental team .
if you are traveling with small children , a car is a must .
i met a mom over at the wyndham , who had used the hotel 's shuttle service to get there from the airport .
she had no way to get back out to the store to buy formula for her baby .
one problem with getting out of the resort is that the intersection with route 3 can get very backed up , easily adding 10-15 minutes to a trip off the resort .
plan accordingly . puerto rico is a very catholic island , and we arrived on good friday .
almost all the stores and restaurants on the island ( off - resort ) were closed .
be careful around holiday times !
we were traveling with 3 adults and a 2- year old , so diapers and beers were desperately needed .
there are 2 shopping areas nearby .
heading east on route 3, the main road , the first shopping area is 3 lights away (15 minutes with no traffic ) .
there is a walgreens and amigos , grocery store , there .
the next shopping area is 5 lights away (20 minutes with no traffic ) and includes a 24- hour walgreens , grocery store , and walmart .
thankfully , the 24- hour walgreens was open on good friday . we enjoyed breakfast and lunches in our villa , which helped us save money over the resort prices .
we did eat all of our dinners out .
our favorite dinner was at aqualuna .
unlike other reviewers , we found plenty of diversity with the fish dishes .
the portions were smaller , so be sure to order enough side dishes or appetizers .
the wyndham resort , unlike the ocean villas , was crowded over the weekend .
we did not make dinner reservations for some of the nights , and ended up having to eat at marbella twice .
the food was very good , and there was something for everyone in our group .
the alcoholic drinks were priced about right for new york city , so be prepared for that .
the gift shop does sell a limited selection of liquor , along with beer and wine .
if you are going off resort , it is good to know that gas stations and groceries store stock all alcohol : beer , wine , and liquor .
you will , though , need a little bit of spanish to get the better liquors out of their locked cabinets .
when the resort is not as crowded ( after easter , this seemed to be the case ) , then the restaurants will be randomly closed on different nights .
i highly recommend that you choose your restaurants a day or two ahead of time .
you can call a dinner reservations line to make all your reservations .
our 2- year old loved the daily iguna feedings , the pools , and the playground over at the resort .
our villa was stocked with pool towels .
it 's still not clear if guests at the ocean villas can use the towel service at the wyndham .
regardless , we were able to exchange our beach towels from the villa for new ones at the wyndham ( which means they probably were taken from there to begin with ) .
when ordering drinks or food from the wyndham , we were sure to mention that we were staying at the ocean villas , so we could not charge to a room .
the staff easily accomodated us by charging to our credit card .
a couple of final notes about the ocean villas .
the directions provided to us to the ocean villas were wrong .
be sure to print out the directions directly from the wyndham site .
the ocean villas claim to be a 5- minute walk to the main resort .
this might be true for some sprinters , but it is at least 10 minutes to the pools .
the beach in front of the ocean villas was not maintained as nicely as the hotel .
there was a lot of seaweed , which i can accept , but also a lot of trash .
they cleaned it up the day before we left , but your best bet is to use the beach down closer to the hotel .
no hotel privelages at villas we just returned from renting a two bedroom golf villa at wyndham rio mar .
we stayed in cluster 1.
the villa was very nice and huge .
the resort is clean and well kept .
first off i want to let other travelers know . . . you do not really have previlages at the hotel , for example you can not get towels and sort of have to sneek into themain pool area .
while you can use the facilities you have to use your credit card .
upon using the beach club at the ocean villas , we were actually asked for our room number and then told to leave , b/c we were not staying at an ocean villa .
overall the trip was good once i got over feeling like we were doing something wrong by sneeking into the main pool . the food is expensive at the resort but i is not as bad as everyone else reviewed .
in fact palio and shimas were quite good .
another bonus is that all the resturaunts have the same kids meal so everything is very family freindly . we rented our villa through vrbo and it came with a golf cart which saved us $10 a day in parking .
our cluster and clusters 2 and 3 are close enough to the golf country club that you could walk over to take the shuttle .
but again you may be asked your room number etc .
note it is way too far to walk with all your stuff to the resort from any villas . in conclusion , i would recommend getting clear information form whomever you rent from about which pools and beach you are really allowed to use and where it is ok to park your golf cart .
you do save a lot of money in a villa and the space is great , maybe in an off season time they do not enforce the where are you staying rule 
loved it !
we got a great rate at this hotel , so i was worried that it would not be very nice .
it was wonderful !
the rooms were so clean and the housekeeping staff was fabulous ! turn down and clean rooms every night of our 5 night stay .
we were traveling with our 9- mo .
old baby and some friends .
the hotel gave us an adjoining room that was wonderful .
we also arranged babysitting at the hotel .
arlene was great .
the food was a bit pricey , but good .
we like the tapas bar outside the italian restaurant .
i think the prices there were the same they would be in any city .
for those who complained about the drink prices - -i thought they were average for a hotel of that caliber .
so you have to pay 9 or 10 dollars for a pina colada .
it is all about location , location , location .
you ca not beat the impeccable grounds ! ca not wait to go back !
great for golf overall a great experience .
we went strictly for golf .
there are two courses , both well maintained and challenging .
the club pro robert is a great guy and an excellent teacher .
the resort offers a golf package which is works out as well or better than a lot of places in fla and so carolina .
loved the bedding spent five days at the rio mar .
i was very impressed with the cleanliness and efficiency of the staff .
they are all very well trained .
i loved the bed and bedding , very restful sleep .
the bad news is the food !
the fish in the italian restaurant was inedible .
they were nice enough to take it off my bill .
the rest of the restaurants were only mediocre and very expensive .
rent a car and eat off site .
beach is beautiful and lends itself to a nice walk .
had a great time thanks to cheap caribbean my husband and i spent 4 nights at this outstanding resort .
upon arrival we received a room upgrade .
the room was nice sized and well appointed .
each room has a terrace with privacy wall , so you really can enjoy sitting out there .
we dont golf or tennis , so really ca not comment on that .
the common areas in the hotel are gourgeous , as are the grounds . . . well maintained , nice lawn areas and palm trees abound .
the beach is more of a mix of dirt and sand , but the ocean was just perfect . . . sparkling clean . .none of the usual noise from parasailing boats . .no one bothers you on the beach . . . we sat under the natural shade of palm trees , although you could rent a cabana and get luxurious cushioned chairs .
we rented a car which allowed us the flexibility for meals . . . and we really loved la parilla which is a kiosk on the beach in luqillo . . . the area has a lot of local flavor . .too bad they dont clean up there beach area because it is so naturally beautiful .
we purchased a bottle of rum and fruit juice to enjoy cocktails in our room after a day at the beach .
perhaps only one draw back to the car was the daily parking fee . . . we chose the self parking ( $15 per day ) which required validation at the front desk and a long walk and elevator ride to the covered garage . .each time you used the car . the pool area is pretty nice and well populated . . . but in my opinion , why stay by a pool when the ocean is just great .
the casino is ok . . . not very expensive . .$2.00 for roulette and $5 for black jack . . . alot of slots . .not very sophisticated .
there was live music around the resort , alot of happy people .
the hotel restaurants seemed pretty pricey , more for expense accounts .
if you go to the resort , try to take a trip to el yunque rainforest . . . it 's really nice to see the views and experience the rainforest habitat . overall , i recommend a visit before the area is over built .
there seems to be alot of construction going on , so that will bring other problems . . . and check out cheap caribbean . com
had a great time , but no craps !
we stayed at the rio mar from march 5-10, 2008.
four of us ( including my wife and me , mid 30's and two children , 3 and 5) .
we had stayed here about three and a half years ago when it was a westin .
the service seemed to be better this time ( according to my wife , as i didnt really recall prior service ) .we didnt use the kids club at all .
the pool was great ( kids loved the slide , which helped tire them out for nap time ) .
rumor has it there is an adult pool - would love to be able to see it at some time .
the beach was fine , sand is kinda dirty looking but was ok ( its not a beautiful sandy white beach , if that 's what you are looking for ) .room was adequate - if we go again , need to price out some kind of suite , since the kids go to be early , nowhere to watch tv , read , etc . - they could add a light on the balcony for that purpose . food - very expensive , as noted throughout the reviews .
the breakfast buffet was $25 pp , but they didnt charge us for our kids , which was nice .
the kids menu ( essentially the same at every restaurant ) is the only reasonably priced items ( approx $6 per item ) .
we ate at shima the first night , extremely limited menu .
aqualuna was actually very tasty , ate there the second night .
expect to pay at least a $100 per couple , without drinks .
we ate at antojintos ( sp ) at the bottom of the hill one night , it was pretty good ( $50 or so ) .
the following night we went to la parilla ( based on recommendations here ) - scary location , but once inside was nice , sat near the back , view of the ocean , lots of locals with horses ( $80) . the last night we had pizza delivered from antonitio 's ( concierge has flyer ) - pizza was not very good , but passable , wings were pretty bad as well - sat by the ocean bar and ate .
( heard that ismar bakery 's pizza was terrible , fyi , from a fellow traveler , so we got the other name from the lifeguard ) .we rented a car this trip from thrifty , expedia said it was in the airport , it was a shuttle ride away , not a big deal but we chose it to avoid lugging the kids and bags in a shuttle .
car was fine and driving was no problem .
used the car to go to walgreens and amigos the first night for supplies ( ordered frig , supposed to be $25 per stay , ca not now remember if they actually charged us or not ) .
also handy having car when my son developed an ear infection , the resort provided the name , about ten minutes away , dr . quintero , nice guy , got a prescription and filled it across the street at the walgreens . casino - while redone since the westin days , no craps !
i was given various excuses , but they are allegedly working on it .
also no let it ride , had one three card poker table , two roulettes , a carribean stud and about five bj tables .
get the club card - actually accrued $73 in comps very relatively limited play , much better than i typically do in vegas wagering more money and playing for more time . staff - generally very friendly and helpful . kids loved feeding the ignuanas ( daily at 11) pr itself is great - without the kids , would probably go back to the el san juan .
otherwise , had a nice trip . pm with any questionsstuckinnj 
beautiful time we just got back from a 4 day stay at the rio mar and i have to say that it was a beautifu and wonderful resort .
the staff were very helpful and friendly answering and helping when asked .
the only thing i could criticize is the charge you have to pay per day for self parking and the price they charge for food and mixed drinks .
we did rent a car so we cut cost by both eating and drinking outside the resort every evening .
we followed fellow advisor advice on that .
the best restaurant by far we thought was riche 's just above the resort .
every thing we had along with the service was excellent .
we traveled everyday to see the different towns and to el yunque .
was not impressed with yunque but it was crowded and we did not try to fight the tour crowds .
old san juan was nice but not my cup of tea .
we played at several of the local casino 's along with the one at the resort and all were small but lots of fun and we did win . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the beach at the resort was very nice even thought the water was pretty cool .
lots of room to walk or lounge . overall this was one of the nicer wyndham resorts that we have stayed and would reccommend .
great place if you can get a good deal ok so i think the title is pretty self explanatory .
my girlfriend and i went to the wyndham from 2/14 to 2/18.
we read a ton of reviews on this site and others , did our homework , and this is the place we decided to go ( she did not have a passport so other travel places in the carib .
were limited ) .
needless to say , if you 've read any reviews about this place , you 've read mixed reviews like we did .
first of all , when we finally landed in pr , we were originally going to get a taxi but just decided to get the shuttle that runs directly from the airport to the hotel ( $60 per person for a round trip ) .
right when you get down the stairs at the airport , there is a huge sign for the hotel and someone there who can make all the arrangements .
they just found my name on the reservations list ( good thing it was listed ) and it was charged directly to the room .
they give you these passes for the return trip , but the driver never asked for them .
the charter bus was air conditioned with big windows and the driver was real nice , so i think that was better than having to deal with a cab in a country we had never been ( if you have a map and rent a car , the drive looks pretty easy tho ) .when we checked in , i asked for a king instead of the two queens that orbitz said , and the front desk receptionist ( really nice ) said they did not have any kings left so they upgraded our room to a partial view .
the room was awesome , 7th floor , partial view of the ocean .
since we were on a somewhat budgeted trip , this was a surprise to have a room so nice .
( no bugs ever , bathroom was super clean , maid service everyday , new towels everyday ) .
the only thing with the hotel room is do not plan on using the mini fridge unless you want to get charged everyday , and do not open any bottles of water because we heard they are about 5 or 6 bucks each . after we were all settled we just went to the valet and they hailed a cab for us that was onsite .
( you ca not really walk off the resort on the road beacuse the entrance is about a mile away and its guarded , so a cab was just easier ) .
we just told the cabbie to take us to a grocery store ( it helps to know a little spanish ) and there we got all the food needed for breakfast , lunch , alcohol ( they sell bottles in the gift shop at the hotel but its 3x the american price , anywhere else off the resort it was about $8 for a fifth of rum ) .
also , do not plan on buying cigars at the resort either because naturally , they are way overpriced .
i made the mistake of not bringing any , but the convience store at the corner of the entrance had some .
after all those trips , the cab driver only charged us $40 ( were from dc so were used to that ) .the second day we walked east down the beach for a few miles and came across a strip of stores near a public beach ( when you are on the beach and you see a billboard , the stores are right there ) .
go to la parilla , easily the best food we had ever tasted ( we walked back the last night we were there again ) .
get the fried pork with plantains and the garlic chicken .
each time we went , with dinner , drinks , and tip it was only about $40.
the resort pretty much dies at night , but we had read this in other reviews .
go here if you want to basically just relax on the beach and do nothing .
they have a bar on the beach but its super expensive , so i just brought down a cooler with drinks and nobody bothered us .
they have chairs already out on the sand and if you want they can even put your umbrella in the sand for you .
it was a mixed crowd , with the beach having some families and some couples like us .
you can just keep pulling your chairs down the beach so it isnt too crowded .
they had a kid pool and a adult pool , which shockingly had no kids .
they also have waiters at the pool that can bring you whatever overpriced food/drink you want .
overall , awesome trip .
would def go back again if we could get a good deal .
would probably rent a car just so we could explore more .
about 200 yards either way down the beach its deserted .
walked by a few locals either on the beach or just walking , everyone was cool .
worked well for us .
suggest renting a car .
for starters , i booked this last year using starpoints when the hotel was still a westin .
fortunately , the wyndham honored this .
i believe i might have felt differently if i was paying big $$$ for the room . we rented a car through budget at the airport .
i highly recommend this .
puerto rican drivers scared me a little . i think that the hotel is stunningly beautiful .
the lobby has a great view of the beach and the ocean .
the grounds are impeccably maintained .
the staff was very friendly and efficient . we stayed 5 nights in a junior suite .
the interior of the room was great .
however , as a previous poster said , our view was of the roof of the 4th floor - very bad .
also we had some constant noise from the ac units on the roof .
if i had paid mucho $$ , i would have complained , but i did not . the self parking was very poorly run .
we paid $15/day instead of $20/day for valet .
i did this because i did not want to have to tip every time we picked up the car .
every time we wanted to get the car , we had to have the ticket validated near the lobby , then go to the parking garage that took 2 elevators .
a waste of time . the pool was great , and the beach pretty nice .
we enjoyed going to the hot tub around 9 pm .
we were usually the only people there . i like to play tennis and called the tennis center looking for someone to play with .
they set me up with another guest which was great .
nice courts .
note : they charge $10 per rental of a racket so bring your own if you can . we avoided the hotel restaurants after reading so many comments about their excessive cost .
instead , we ate at local restaurants which we enjoyed .
lots of fried bananas . we took excursions on our own .
we went horseback riding in the rainforest , hiked el yunque , kayaked bio bay , snorkeled and visited old san juan .
in each case , arranging things ourselves , and driving ourselves saved about 40% from what the hotel would charge .
the bio bay was diminished by the full moon - beware .
for us , the highlight was our first snorkeling trip .
we used the salty dog .
the captain and crew were terrific .
the snorkeling was amazing . also be advised that the concierges and towel collectors are hawking a timeshare presentation for wyndham .
we had heard about these and were curious , so we attended .
the hotel offered breakfast , a 5 day 4 night future trip in either st . thomas or florida and either a couples spa treatment or $75 credit .
they promised no high pressure .
our sales rep was long winded , but when we said no , so accepted it .
the breakfast was a joke - water , coffee and packaged muffins .
at checkout they had double charged me a few days for parking and cleared that up . all in all , we loved our trip and the hotel was a pleasure .
a top notch resort that could be over the top with a few changes my wife and i spent 2 nights at the wyndham rio mar following a cruise .
much of what i say or could say is probably repiticious of things said in the 400 plus reviews before us , so i will try and add a few new perspectives . this was our 6th trip to puerto rico in the last 5 years .
we have stayed at least twice at the condato plaza ( formerly a wyndham ) and the marriott , both in the condato area of san juan and the hampton inn on isle verde near the airport .
this resort which is about 30 miles east of san juan has them all beat .
it is a beautiful property in what appears to be part of a planned community of over 500 acres which includes not only this resort , but condominiums , time shares , one or two 18 hole golf courses etc .
the only downsides are the expensive restaurants ( which could easily cut their prices by 30% , do more business , make more money and still be above other restaurant prices ) and the sound proofing issue .
they should hire the company who construced the hampton inn near the airport as an example of good sound proofing .
with these 2 issues taken care of i would easily raise my rating to 5 stars .
a special plus must be given to the smoke free casino which is a rarity outside of canada and made my $80 donation to the casino black jack fund a little more palatable .
the staff at the resort goes above and beyond to be helpfull .
there are 4 ( yes 4) concierges avaiable duing the day .
as for restaurant recommendations off the resort property they not only give you an extensive list in writing , but answer questions you may have on each and give you preprinted driving direction for each and any other place else you may want to go . we had our 2 dinners out at antojitos about 5 minutes from the resort and at la parilla about 15 minutes from the resort .
both offered tasty puerto rican food ( meat or chicken with beans and sauce over rice ) at normal restaurant prices .
we also spent one morning driving thru the el yunqke national ( rain ) forest which starts about 15 minuites from the resort .
the resort is in fact in rio grande , as opposed to being in the el yunque natioal forest as listed by trip adviser .
one pleasnt surprise which was referenced in only 1 previous review which i read was the isamar bakery and pizzaria which is located at the intersection of highway 3 and 968 before you enter the resort .
not only are the prices more than reasonable but their baked goods were delicious as were their sandwiches and provided our needs for both of our breakfasts and lunches .
the clientele at isamar is mostly local and the adjoining busineses appeared to be a little seady .
this however shoul not deter you as the only alternatve at the resort is the erb stand next to the casino where the prices on comparable items are 2 to 4 times as expensive and they are not as good as isamar . .if your desire is to enjoy a luxurios resort without the husle , bustle and night life of san juan , you will not be disapointed .
those more interested in old san juan should stay elsewhere .
a honeymoon experience !
ok , this will be long but it 's alot of info that future travelers can use ! arrival : my husband and i just spent 5 nights at this hotel .
we booked on cheapcarribean . com
and got a great deal .
i was nervous about the trip after reading the posts but they did help a great deal .
when we arrived at the airport we saw the wyndham sign and the lady told us to go to the desk outside and we got on the shuttle .
we did not rent a car because we 're from nyc and the last thing we wanted to do is drive .
plus the stressful driving , the $15/day fee , the chances of getting lost , etc all made it an easy choice .
the shuttle is $120 for 2 people , roundtrip .
check - in when we got to the hotel (40 min later ) the system was down and we had to walk around in our jeans and sweaters ( we just got in from ny ) .
we went back a few hours later complaining and we got a room .
it was a room with 2 queen beds facing the front of the hotel .
i walked right back down to the front desk ( which is on the 3rd floor ) and made a fuss .
unfortunately , it did me no good because the 'system was down and there was nothing they could do '! ok , so we spent our first night as newlyweds in separate beds - they 're very small queens .
the next morning we went back down , got a much nicer room on the 5th floor with a king bed . . . .couldnt get ocean view but it was ok .
it was very clean , had a fridge ( which is a $25 charge per stay unless you booked before 12/31/07) , his and hers sinks , a scale lol , a sofa , etc . so for the first night , we settled in and went to richie 's .
we paid the cab $20 roundtrip , ate a lovely dinner and called it a night . the second day we spent on the beach and made another cab ride to a grocery store at the bottom of the hill across for antojito 's .
there we picked up food since the restaurants at the hotel were ridiculously pricey .
we got milk and cereal , peanut butter , jelly , bread , sodas , chips , cookies , etc . it was the best thing we couldve done !
we ate once at the tiki bar - it wasnt even good - a crappy chicken sandwich and a burger with 2 drinks costs $60! the next day we headed to the rainforest .
we took the hotel tour and paid $76 for 2 of us and our tourguide/driver , harry was sooooooo much fun - he was hilarious and really made the trip fun . . the rainforest itself was beautiful !
lan mina waterfalls was breathtaking !
the water was cold but it was definitely well work the money .
afterwards , harry took us to the sam grocery store we went to the night before and picked up some lunch at antojito 's across the street .
they have lunch specials for $4.75! ! its a buffet of rice , beans , salad , and your pick of three entrees : chicken , pork or bacalau ( salted codfish ) .
delicious ! ! ! !we also went to don pepe 's another night .
it was not as nice a richie 's but the food was great .
we got so full on our nacho appetizer that we took an entire meal home and ate it later for dinner .
the people were friendly , beach could have been kept a little more clean but the water was so warm , the waves were 'nt rough . . . the pool was great - awesome slide . . . not for children only , i had a blast on the thing !
they had water aerobics at 1pm , iguana feedings at 11am . that was all great fun as there wasnt so much to do most of the time .
we got some great iguana pictures , got to pet them , and got some exercise in at the water aerobics in the pool . some
things i was expecting but wasnt true of this hotel : water bottles at the fitness center - only a water cooler , no bottlessmores at night on the beach - the place was deserted at night ! music , dancing , puerto rican food ! if i wanted sushi or italian , i would have stayed in ny ! it was kinda boring - no offense to anyone but the hotel was full of middle aged people .
no young couples - no nighlife at allllll besides the casino .
the place is kinda boring but we just enjoyed our free time watching tv at night and going off the resort for dinners .
gift shop stunk !
everything said made in the philipines - ironic ?
lol and my poor husband wanted to read a newspaper . . . but not for $5.00! ! ! ! we did love the lotion , shampoo , and other products .
they were made by bath and bodyworks - smelled heavenly ! the weather was great - it rained a few times but it pours for 10-15 min and clears up and the sun beams within minutes !
it was 80-85 during the day and around 75 at night - absolutely perfect .
do wear sunscreen ! ! ! ! bugs werent really an issue at all !
i bought bug spray bc people kept complaining about the bugs but really - the rainforst was bugfree - i know , thats so weird .
i did get a few mosquito bites but that bc we left the balcony door open in the evening a a few snuck in .
oh , everything is room charge . . . all the restaurants , bars , trips , etc all get chraged to your room .
all u have to do is say room #### .
no id , no proof , nothing .
so at checkout , we had charges that definitely were not ours . . . they took them off without a problem but clearly , people can say room 5520 when they are really in 6322 and there are no questions asked .
i liked this hotel , i dont think ill come back . . . .maybe when im 50 and i want to play golf lol but we did have a nice stay !
very nice resort went for a 4 night weekend on jan . 17th .
was skeptical after reading some of the reviews on here , but i was pleasantly surprised .
granted , the food was in fact expensive , but that should be expected for a resort like this .
seems people are expecting applebee 's prices at a 5- star resort , not going to happen .
regardless , we found ways around this thanks to many helpful reviews on this site . the first thing we did was rent a car at the airport .
as many posters have mentioned , this is a must .
we got a car on travelocity for $98 for four days .
trust me , you will end up paying more in cab / shuttle fees if you do not rent a car .
the one thing i did not like was the pr drivers , they are the worst ive ever seen .
be careful .
after renting the car , we stopped on rte . 3 at amigo 's , which is a grocery store like any other in the states .
ended up getting breakfast , snacks  beer for four days - bext decision we made .
we would have paid out the ear for food at the hotel . upon arrival we were treated nicely by the staff  checked in right away .
we did not get an upgrade because we booked through a thrid party , but they did give us a room with a king bed and partial ocean view which was nice .
i highly recommend booking through skyauction . com - we ended up getting the room for $170 per night ( includes all taxes  fees ) , which is about 50% off the rate on orbitz or travelocity .
the only thing i did not like was teh parking - it was $15 per overnight stay , but you have to get the ticket validated at valet each time you leave the garage . another thing to be aware of is the fact that it rains a lot in pr .
it rained the first day , so we ended up going to the el yunque rainforest that day which was great .
again , you 'll need a car to get there unless you want to pay the resort about $40 or so to take you there .
the trails  sights are free if you have a car .
be sure to check out the la mina falls - take the big tree trail to get there . the second day was clear outside , so we did a snorkel trip .
this was the hilight of the trip .
i recommend going on the spread eagle ii trip ( do an internet search for spread eagle puerto rico ) .
it is lesser known than many of the other snorkel boats there , as was in evidence that day .
we had about 25 people on a huge catamaran , while many other boats out that day were packed with what looked like 60 or more .
the cost is $75 per person and includes snorkel gear and an all you can eat lunch .
best value on the trip .
they take you to a secluded island off the east coast , and tropical fish eat out of your hand .
it was great .
again , you 'll need a car to get there as it is about 15 miles from the resort .
the resort can take you snorkeling , but it will cost you a fortune . we hung out at the resort on day 3, and it was great .
the beach is nice but do not expect a white sand beach of say aruba .
it was nice nonetheless , and the water was clear  warm .
also , the resort grounds are as people here describe - picture perfect . as for food , we ate at many of the restaurants folks here mentioned .
richie 's is a must , but go just before sundown for an amazing sunset view .
we also went into old san juan one day which was nice , reminded me of the french quarter in n . o . a bit , but hilly like san fran . overall , i would highly recommend this place , but go in knowing that if you plan to eat at the hotel , it will be $$$ .
and do not play the slots in the casino - they do not pay .
review and tips when staying at the rio mar first off the hotel is in good shape and the staff were extremely friendly to us .
i think the people that give bad reviews for the most part expect too much or leave everything to chance .
we stayed at the rio mar for 7 days and did just about all there was to do in the area .
here are my tips to getting the most out of your stay : this is a little long , but trust me read it all and it will save you a lot of money and headache . car/parking :1.
rent a car - you can get one at sjc airport for about 27.00/day including tax .
you will save yourself tons of money in the end by doing this and you will have a much better time .
we used the hotel valet service at 20/day .
you can also self park for 15/day .
i personally would rather pay and extra 5 dollars/day and have the staff run back and forth to the garage .
they always got our car within a few minutes of us giving the valet ticket . when driving to the hotel from the airport take the toll road .
it 's 1.50 each way and it 's much faster ( especially during rush hour ) than the regular road .
the toll road does not take you completely to the hotel but you 'll save a lot of time and it 's worth it .
we talked to a couple that got stuck in traffic for 3 hours when they drove on the regular highway .
it took us about 30 minutes using the toll road .
2. to defer some of your parking costs you can do the 1.5 hour timeshare presentation .
go in the morning . . . .get your free breakfast/juice/coffee and get 75.00 dollars off your hotel bill .
depending on how long you stay this should help a lot on your 20/day parking charge .
all you have to do is ask at the concierge desk .
they initially offered us 50.00 but not too hard to get them up to 75.00. hotel :1.
call the hotel a few days before you arrive .
we had a resort view room booked .
i called 2 days before and chatted with a lady in reservations and asked her to try to upgrade us to an ocean view room .
when we arrived i asked for her again ( she remembered me ) . . .a smile and slipping her 40 dollars under the table later we were in an ocean view suite .
obviously we got lucky , but most of the people we talked to that asked got upgraded .
if you do not call ahead of time be prepared to get put in a room with two queen beds instead of a king .
even though you may request on up front , they do not guarantee you one .
if you will call ahead of time . . . maybe even a few times you will greatly increase you chances of getting upgraded as we did .
if you book online and just show up i would say you have a better than 50% chance of not getting what you want . sites to see :1.
if you do anything you must go see the bio bay .
there are only a few in the world and the best one is in puerto rico .
[ - ] tells you about it if you have not heard .
my advice if you go is to not take one of the local tours from the hotel .
they shuffle you like cattle and it 's expensive .
one of the ladies at the hotel hooked us up with a local that gives a few tours a week to the bio bay in his own rubber raft with electric motor ( instead of a canoe that you paddle yourself ) .
it 's much more personal . . . he spends a lot more time showing you the lagoon and it 's cheaper .
(50/person ) .
he 's really nice and has lived in pv all his life .
he also owns a cafe/bar near the beach and gives kiteboarding lessons near the hotel .
his name is miguel and you can reach him at [ - ] . 2, go see the rainforest .
if you rented a car you can drive yourself through at your own pace for free .
there are 24+ miles of trails that you can park and walk down .
if you only do one of them . . . make sure to take the one that leads down to la mina water falls .
( i think this is how it 's spelled ) .restaurants/food : do not eat at the hotel as it 's way overpriced .
we did not eat a single meal here .
( you can do this if you rented a car ! )
a little known fact is that you can request an in room refrigerator and microwave for free ( at least it was free when we went ) .
there is a grocery store not far from the hotel called amigos .
we bought beer/wine here and food for breakfast and lunch .
this will save you a ton of money .
we ate out at different restaurants evey night . . . but enjoyed our wine on the balcony before hand and in the evenings when we got back .
you can also take your beer/snacks with you to the pool instead of paying 8 bucks a drink from the hotel . near the hotel : a . richies is up the hill from the hotel and it has an awesome view of the ocean .
the entire restaurant is open air . . . it has good food and not too expensive .
if you go here . . . i would suggest doing it in the evening .
b . brass cactus was a good sports bar kind of place in luquillo .
inexpensive food . . . atmosphere is somewhat lacking but the food is good .
c . ***don pepe 's is a great little restaurant at the bottom of the hill .
it does not look like much but its good .
they have daily lunch specials for like 6 dollars .
old san juan restaurants : a . if you eat at one place in old san juan eat at restaurante raices .
they serve really authentic puerto rican food and is very reasonable .
the staff was very friendly .
b . if you want an upscale restaurant and do not mind spending 70+ per person then try marmalade restaurant and wine bar .
the food was delicious and the service impeccable however you 'll pay for it .
if you like fine dining . .then give it a whirl .
if you 're really adventurous they have a 10 course with wine paring that is awesome .
fyi . . . the white bean soup is a must ! !other : i would highly recommend going to old san juan at least a time or two while you 're in pv .
if you go at night . . . and especially on the weekend expect the streets to be completely jammed with traffic .
my advice is to park the first place you find and walk the rest of the night .
a trip to the el morro fort in old san juan is also a must ( they close at 5pm i think ) .if you get the chance stop by the el san juan hotel and casino one night . cell phones work in san juan and we were able to make calls back and forth to the states with sprint at no charge .
i liked it !
just got back from five days at the wyndham and was pleasantly surprised , given some of the reviews on this site .
the hotel is in great shape , grounds are beautiful , most of the staff i dealt with couretous and competent and overall , it is a very nice resort .
true , food prices are high but you would find that to be the case at most other resorts like this one . overall , quality was pretty good at all the restaurants - - grille room , palio , asian , marbellas - especially like the beach food for its convenience and setting .
recommend this resort if what you want is a relaxing trip reading at the beach , sunning and just plain lying around , rent a car - - visit the local beaches and tastes at luquillo - just 10 minutes away .
the el yunque rainforest hike was fun too .
if you know what to expect , you wo not be disappointed - - might be pleasantly surprised like me .
this is a nice place to spend a few days !
relaxing anniversary my husband and i just return from a 6 day vacation in puerto rico .
the special occasion was our 4th anniversary .
we are wyndham vacation owners and we stayed at the rio mar grande resort and spa .
the hotel was really nice .
the rooms were clean , maybe no 5 star prepared , but okay .
the staff was helpful and they were very attentive .
however , the guest census was low that might have been why .
the water was nothing but gorgeous and we spent a great amount of our time at the pool and beach .
there is a quiet pool too which was nice especially if you want to get away from the kids .
the casino just opened and it was fun to play with !
the hotel is about 35-40 minutes from the airport .
if you need to go places like dinner or shopping , you definitely have to take a cab or rent a car .
the city is relatively safe and easy to drive in .
san juan is a little crowded and congested , but it is tolerable .
i have read some of the previous reviews and would like to just add a few recommendations .
first , we rented a car from payless car rental and paid about $90 for the entire week opposed to avis and budget who quoted $200/week .
rent at the airport and not the hotel , it is much cheaper .
there is an avis counter at the hotel , but to rent it?? like $60 + a day .
to catch a cab it?? like $60 + too .
second , the food at the hotel wasn?? that impressive not including the high cost .
the breakfast buffet was not good at all and not worth $25.
the service can be somewhat slow too .
some of the onsite restaurants were closed and the ones that were open were over priced .
i suggest that after you have rented a car to drive out every evening and experience the true authentic puerto rican and caribbean cuisines .
it is much cheaper and it?? different ( go to la parilla , don pepe , antiogios ) .
the hotel can give you an entire list .
if you get tired of puerto rican foods you can always go to the american favorites - chili , outback , macaroni grill , ruby tuesday , etc .
all of these places are in san juan about 35 minutes away .
third , have toll money .
it is $1.50 each way .
fourth , don?? take that high price san juan tour bus because it will cost about $50/adult and $35/child .
the tour just drops you off in old san juan where all of the shopping is .
you can easily drive yourself and park in one of the parking decks , because you will never find a place to park on the street .
i highly recommend going to the belz outlet stores , old san juan , and plaza de americanos ( the largest mall in the caribbean ) .fourth , go on the wyndham tour and presentation and get your free couples massage .
they don?? really pressure you to by anything .
the massage was very refreshing , we loved it .
being a timeshare owner is a good investment if you vacate alot , but do not buy a timeshare directly from the company , i . e .
you can definitely save 8-10k going through a third party company . . . thats what we did .
some of that extra money is going into that guy who is trying to sell you the property .
most of it is being vested back into the company for marketing and promotions to lure other potential byers into it .
the concept is favorable , but not directly through the company .
next , before you go , confirm your reservations , especially if you booked it through a third party .
i called a week ahead and they did not have my reservations put through yet .
the hotel doesn?? have many king beds rooms , so don?? get your hopes up for one especially if you are on a romantic getaway .
they are nice about letting you change rooms when one comes available , but after you have unpacked and everything you really don?? want to move anywhere .
we had a mountain view ( this is nothing but the top of the roof ) at first then we moved into an ocean front after the second day .
it still had two queen beds , but that was okay .
sometimes being a wyndham by request member grants you upgrade , but not all the time .
the only thing that we benefited from this was early/late check in/out ( depends on the census ) and some free hard cookies and water in the room the first night .
next , valet is $20/day and self parking is $ 15/day so take your choice .
i did valet , but that doesn?? really mean that i will do it again .
internet is not free .
it is about $20 + a night and it cuts off at midnight .
you can get free internet in the lobby , right in front of the front desk .
my broadband card did not have good coverage at all in the room .
anyway , puerto rico is definitely a place that i will return to and will without question stay at the rio mar .
you have to ride out to go shopping and eating .
if you are looking to stay somewhere that has a great night life then you need to stay in san juan .
there is really nothing in rio grande except the resort .
oh and don?? worry yourself about leaving important items at home .
there are plenty of walgreen?? around , not to mention wal - mart and k - mart .
i would go back again because it is very quiet , but we went in october so that could make a difference . for more info email at crlong3@hotmail . com
