it 's good but . . .
this is my first time writing a review for tripadvisor but as i travel loads and use this site , i thought i would start to contribute .
firstly , i do like casablanca but i liked it more a few years ago when it was indeed a 'find ' and when the rates were slightly better .
nyc is expensive and i realise the hotel rates ( you 'll not get anything below $380 or so ) reflect this but the comparatively , the hotel was always a bit more of a good find in terms of cost , not just the little extras . the hotel is nicely situated .
it is right in time square and despite its location , if you get a back or inner room , it is fairly quiet .
if you get a front room , expect street noise .
the rooms are fine , the twin room is quite spacious and nice and is my favourite as it is toward the back but they have very few of these and so harder to get .
the king size premium rooms that are inner are bigger than the standard but not large by any means .
the decour inside the rooms is fine but there is a slight feel of it becoming worn .
there is now free wifi in the rooms , which is great .
there is also a machine on the 2nd floors ( ricks ) .
the big plus is that the hotel does have a continental breakfast , included with all rates and they do a nice wine/cheese every night from 5-7.
what has changed , and only in some cases , is that the front desk staff really is so varied in how they meet/greet guests .
when we checked in , i was less than overwhelmed by the greeting ( i have stayed there 2x per year over the last few years ) .
but then a change in front staff and a whole different vibe .
what is consistent is the doorman who are great .
so a bit mixed , whereas i do remember a time when it was just consistently friendly and just that nice home feel . i think if you decide to stay here , do it for the following .
you like a smaller hotel , you want that central westside location and you will take advantage of the breakfasts and happy hour ( and there is coffee and pastries all day ) .
so you can come back and chill out in this 2nd floor area .
particularly good if you are travelling with an elderly person or children or just in inclement weather .
do not stay here if you like something more modern with more in house facilities .
of the time square hotels , this would be the one i definitely prefer .
in short , it is nice but i find the slot it is occupying now a bit over the top for what the hotel actually provides . . .
hmmmm . . . . . well , the positives .
it has a fantastic location - you are right in the heart of manhattan , just next to times square , yet on a side road so a little out of the hustle and bustle .
the reception clerks were very friendly and helpful whenever we needed anything from them and the information they gave was always accurate .
the breakfast in rick 's cafe is also superb .
it is a really nice touch to have a big lounge with free papers and internet access where you can get coffee and cookies . however , you really feel the need for the lounge as i think the rooms are so unimpressive .
we had a deluxe room and i really did not understand how the standard rooms could be lower quality .
the furnishings are nice and the rooms are clean but they are soooo tiny .
once you had 2 suitcases in there you were literally climbing over things to get around the bed !
same with the bathroom too - it was a bit ridiculous really .
our tiny windown overlooked a fire escape so we had to have the air conditioning on but it was just so loud and clicked on and off every few minutes - which woke me up quite a bit . overall i think it is a nice 3 star hotel but if i went back i think i 'd be inclined to stay somewhere fancier with bigger rooms .
a lilliputian 's dream getaway i stayed with my wife and daughter at the casablanca hotel in early march 2008, based exclusively on the high recommendations that had been posted by myriad tripadvisor contributors . on a positive note , we were impressed with the common areas on the second floor , where guests can enjoy a continental breakfast , wine - and - cheese , a computer terminal with internet access , a television and other creature comforts .
we were also impressed with the family - style italian restaurant adjacent to the hotel . however , although i agree that the casablanca hotel offers unique lodging , the rooms are far too small for more than two occupants of average size and the volume of noise emanating from the street below is unbearable . we spent three days in a one - bedroom suite .
we arrived to find the living room area too small to open the sofabed without removing the heavy coffee table from the room entirely .
once the table was removed , there was just enough room for the bed , but not an inch more .
the bedroom area was nicely appointed but nearly devoid of storage space .
ultimately we piled our suitcases on top of the small armoire .
had my wife and i traveled alone , we would have placed our suitcases in the living room , which is the only place for them to go . although the living room and bedroom each came equipped with cable television and a dvd player , the cable television reception was marginal at best and neither of the dvd players functioned at all .
the front desk staff promised that these issues would be attended to for us .
they were not . the front desk staff and bell staff were friendly and well - intentioned but poorly trained .
we asked the bellman to get us a cab and it appeared from his expression that this was the first time anyone had ever asked him to do that . in summary , if you are traveling alone or with your significant other , the casablanca may be right for you .
it is clean and comfortable and perhaps even cozy , but you should plan on lots of noise from the street , a tiny room and marginal staff .
if you are traveling with a child or a third adult , this really is not a suitable hotel for you and i recommend that you look elsewhere .
mixed feelings about the casablanca i come to new york a few times a year for business and have stayed at many hotels in midtown in the $200- $250 price range .
i decided to try the casablanca hotel because they are rated so highly on tripadvisor and they were having a special deal on rates during president 's week .
there were certainly many things to like about the casablanca : nice size room , very clean , large remodeled bathroom , nice cafe/sitting area , and friendly service .
yet i found several things to be lacking .
for one , the bed was only marginally comfortable - you could feel the tops of the springs .
this was in contrast to the extraordinarily soft pillows .
two , the cable reception on the television was so bad that most channels were unwatchable .
three , i could hear some noise in my room and it prevented me from getting to sleep until fairly late .
while the outdoor noises from times square were quite muted , i could hear a lot from other guests on my floor - notably people slamming their doors which was quite jarring .
lastly , the continental breakfast was only so - so .
the coffee was no better than what you 'd get at a best western , and they served cereal in the little children 's boxes - not exactly gourmet .
i had basically a pleasant experience there , but i would have been disappointed if if i had paid $400 a night , which is supposedly the average rate .
to my mind , this is a nice hotel for $250- $300, but a little lacking if one pays more than that .
okay hotel with a few caveats we stayed at the casablanca for a weekend in february .
we had an okay experience , but expected a bit more given the hotel 's extremely high ranking on tripadvisor .
we wanted to pass along a few caveats to others .
first of all , on the plus side , the hotel does have a very interesting location - -literally within sight of times square , yet just off the main streets and therefore not quite as crowded and noisy .
this would be a great location for someone in new york principally to attend broadway shows ( although conversely , if you do not need to be right in times square and you 're looking for a calmer base of operations , i would suggest a hotel further to the east or north ) .
also , the second - floor common area of the hotel is quite attractive , and the morning breakfast is quite ample and well - serviced .
we had a negative experience checking in , but i 'm sure it was an isolated event .
a bellman showed us to our room , and we unpacked , but when we left and returned a few hours later our key would not work .
turns out the bellman walked us to the wrong room !
we had to repack and move to the room next door , which was unpleasant , and we were suprised that no one apologized or made any efforts to simply rebook us to the other room .
other than that isolated experience , the staff seemed quite attentive and friendly .
our room was okay , but certainly nothing special .
that 's the key caveat to pass along - -when you see a hotel ranked in the top 10 in new york city , you imagine a very elite , spectacular place .
but keep in mind this hotel is a top hotel in the mid - market range ; the ranking does not mean you 'll have an amazing , luxury experience .
again , the only word i can think of to describe the room is okay ; there were no glaring problems , but it 's just a small , square room with a few pieces of furniture and a small bathroom .
we asked for a quiet room .
we were therefore frustrated that our room was literally next to the elevator shaft , and we could hear every movement of the elevator .
the check - in person said it was a quiet room because it was at the back of the building , not on the street .
i wonder if that means you 're in a no - win situation at this hotel - -either you get a noisy room on the street or a noisy room near the back elevators .
i suggest that noise - sensitive people be demanding and ask for a quiet room not next to the elevators , and see what you get .
to be fair , it 's tough to demand that a hotel in times square be perfectly silent !
overall , i certainly would not say this is a bad hotel .
it offers decent rooms and a nice breakfast in a very central location for a comparatively good price .
people just need to be aware that this is not a five - star luxury hotel , and struggles with some of the same challenges ( noise , small rooms , etc . ) that other properties in new york do .
not so good not so good as we hoped .
being a top hotel on this site it had to live up to a lot and it was dissapointing .
good position if you want to be in seedy times square but very noisey . staff
tried to help but they only half tried .
not as good as libary hotel as far as quality goes . it
's a ok hotel but pricey for what you get 
great place this is a great place to stay in new york if you want to be in the thick of it .
just off times square it is very central but surprisingly quiet .
it is expensive , but all hotels in new york are .
the front desk are incredibly friendly and helpful ( booking dinner , taxis , getting more clothes hangers e . t . c . e . t . c . ) , and the atmosphere is great .
the rooms are fine , a little small - but again it is new york ! !
it is not serious luxury , but you get nice dressing gowns and toiletries , it is clean and quiet .
breakfast is great and wine and cheese in the early evening is an added bonus .
it feels more provincial than most new york hotels , but that is quite nice .
it is not remotely pretensious and we had a thoroughly pleasant stay .
good but not great i went to nyc for the kirov wagner ring cycle .
taking my wife and 14 year old son in tow ; i decided to book the casablanca hotel because of the great reviews in trip advisor .
well . . . .i was not that impressed .
now , i have stayed in at least 20 different hotels in the big apple , my favorite city , and ca not say that this is the best in the city .
sure the location is great ; the service is good , for what it is .
there are only a few people on hand to perform the services .
quoating from the movie casablanca . . . you must remeber this ! ! ! this is not a full service hotel . ! ! ! !
it is a small hotel and not at all glamourous .
we had a suite and still had no view ; which i feel is very important to the overall ambiance of what makes a great hotel .
we enjoyed the free breakfast and newspapers in the morning ; and we liked having free wi - fi in our room .
the suit was ok .
nothing to brag about .
nice shower though .
the place was always clean . the front desk does everything in their power to help you in any way they could .
there are 2 restaurants on both sides of the hotel ; one a diner and the other italian .
both were great .
i tried to get a cab on night 4of the opera and could not .
maybe it was just the time , 5:30 p . m . but i was almost late .
i had to hire one of those rick - shaw drivers on bikes to get me to linc0ln center on time .
he kicked ass to get me there and i just made it to my seat in time .
everybody has their own idea of what a great hotel is .
i have vacationed all around the world and know what great is .
as i have stated , this is a small hotel ; and if you like a nice lobby , you wo not get it here .
if you like great room service . .you wo not get it here ; wll i say that it is very limited and i say again that they do the best they can with the little staff they have .
if you want ambiance . . . you wo not find it here .
if you want glitz and glamour . . . you wo not find it here .
the suit we stayed in was subjected to a lot of outside noise .
i think there was some construction going on , but it did not hender our sleep .
i went down to check out the cheese and wine and thought it was a nice gesture .
ok . . . the bottom line is this . . . if you like a small hotel with little or no service . . . then this is it .
the location is great , problebly the best thing about the hotel .
my wife says that the hotel was good not fair .
she did not like it that there was no ice machine ; but could get ice if we called for it .
she says that they were accomodating ; but no view .
she would liked to have had food service in the room .
she thought the suite was nice .
i had read and read the reviews on trip advisor and booked because of the reviews .
so i thought i would write this review to try to help others who might want to book this hotel .
number 1 hotel ?
not by a long shot ! ! ! worse hotel on trip advisors list ?
not by a long shot ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
midtown veteran i travel 3 weeks a month and nearly always select top rated tripadvisor hotels .
i have been extremely happy with all the other tripadvisor hotels .
but the casablanca is overrated .
the number 1 hotel in ny ?
i do not agree .
i have recently stayed at the westin , algonquin , sheraton , and roosevelt .
and with the exception of the very tired rooms in the roosevelt , all were better than the casablanca .
my room was barely bigger than the bed , view of a brick wall , poorly ventilated , and the shower changed temps constantly , eventually running out of hot water . on the plus side : great location , reasonable , but not great value , and very clean .
anniversary stay nice small hotel , great location .
stayed 21st - 26th october 06.
room was small and overlooked back of other bulidings with noise from airconditioning units - but clean .
towels and linen changed daily and should be for price paid $329 per night .
rick 's cafe brill .
stung with taxes though at end of stay ! $100 more than quoted by reserve travel , buyer beware !
this spoiled things for us .
nyc - cold and everything overpriced .
will not revisit .
there are better hotels amenities were very nice but the staff was not to us ( with the exception of the bellman ) .
i felt like we were invisible .
i expect great service for a room that price .
plenty of other hotels in nyc .
times square is too busy , hated to go through that maylay on a daily basis .
highly recommend salisbury on 57th - great service , great local , nice room , lower rates .
nice place to stay in nyc - - but felt there was better out there . .
this was my 3rd trip to nyc , in 3 different hotels . i chose casablanca because we wanted an inexpensive base in times square .
this place has the perfect location - just a few steps away from the heart of t . s , literally 30 seconds . did this hotel meet my expectations ?
well , kinda .
the rooms are indeed small , which i expected .
comfortable , though - decent bed sizes , nice wardrobe space , a good enough bathroom . the downside of the room ( maybe it was just our room , i 'm not sure ) was how dark it was .
the lighting seemed inadaquate , it gave the room somewhat of a depressing feeling .
that 's a touch melodramatic , but it did dampen the mood of the hotel . in keeping with that mood , though , the rest of the hotel did seem a little old .
i 'm sure this was partially intentional - kind of the hotel 's theme .
the lifts were a little rickety , and the decor could certainly do with a face - lift to bring it into this century . on the plus side . . . the rooms were inexpensive , by nyc 's standards .
i think we paid about $250/night with taxes all in for a double room .
not cheap , but they were below other t . s competitors . the continental breakfast and wine/cheese evenings was a nice touch .
we used this facility several times during our stay , it 's nice to have a refreshing ice tea and a cake before heading back out . . . or a pre - evening out glass of wine ( or two ) .
they were very accomodating in this way , and the rest area is quaint and satisfying - - nice , comfy sofas , chairs , paintings and a piano . the rooms were also incredibly quiet .
ny 'ers enjoy honking their horns at all hours , and the city ( especially t . s ) really never sleeps .
yet , we did - - and well .
the beds with comfortable and the air conditioning worked well . one of the workers in particular was also very kind , a young lady of russian origin i believe .
she had a fun , accomodating personality and we enjoyed speaking with her in the brief time we had .
she deserved kudos for the job she did - - it made us feel very welcome . on the down side . . . the hotel just lacked something .
i ca not put my finger on it exactly , it just felt a little old and unhappening , somehow .
the rooms were small and dark ( as mentioned ) , and it was not really somewhere i 'd feel like wanting to stay for more than a couple of days at a stretch . there was also a couple of occasions where the hotel staff were rude , unnecessarily .
the first was around 2am when we stopped at the rest area upstairs for a drink ( that they keep out all night ) , and we were told it needed to be closed for cleaning .
this was silly - - we were only occupying a small table that had already been prepared for the night . . . the worker just wanted us out of that area . the second was on check out , when a $3 bottle of water was mistakenly added to our hotel bill .
when we mentioned this , the male receptionist accusationally said to us are you sure you guys did not drink it ?
you would not lie to me , would you ? . . . . i 'm not sure if that 's because we were young guests (2 males , both 22) that we somehow smacked of criminal , but the fact that he made mention of a $3 bottle of water in the first place on a $750 hotel bill was highly unprofessional , and unappreciative of our stay . aside from those small niggles , the casablanca was not a bad place to stay .
in fact , is was comfortable , quite accomodating , and hosted itself in the perfect location for us .
i 'm giving it 3 stars because , well , it just lacked that something that could have made it better .
a little more chirp/enthusiasm from the staff members . . . a face - lift . . . just something . i doubt i 'll be back at the hotel , simply because there 's so much more choice in nyc to warrent a return to anything less than total satisfaction .
clean , courteous and very small we stayed for 3 days/4 nights .
the staff was very courteous , the decor was tasteful and the room was very clean , but quite frankly we were alarmed by how small our room was .
we should have gotten an idea of the problem when we boarded one of the two elevators , each of which is not quite as wide as a phone booth and about twice as deep .
we booked far in advance , but learned only upon confirming days before our trip that king or queen beds are not available , only 2 singles or a double bed .
we quickly learned what must be the reason : the rooms are not large enough to accomodate any larger bed .
i am 6'3, so to avoid having my feet hanging way off the end of the bed , each night we edged the mattress down the box spring about 6-7 inches and filled in the gap near the headboard with pillows .
as a result , we could not shut the bathroom door .
that is how small the room is .
the room itself was maybe 8' x 12' .
space was similarly at a premium in the adjoining bathroom .
ours had only a shower , but we were told that some rooms have tubs but none was available .
there was no place to set out our toiletries in the bathroom because the bathroom was too tiny .
we leaned our toiletry kits against one another on the elevated 5  wide windowsill .
the bathrooms have now - outdated push button wall hook phones which seem quaint and useless now and the space would have been far better used on a fold down/up table or multi - use fold - down surface .
the lack of any place to effectively set anything down was consistently off - putting .
the designers would have done better to include less furniture and acknowlege the smallness of the space , placing functionality at a premium .
we have truly mixed feelings about the hotel .
it 's well - located just off the heart of times square , the decor is pleasant , they put out a better than average complimentary continental breakfast in the comfortable and nicely appointed piano bar called rick 's ( after the movie piano bar , i presume ) , set out daily papers for guests to peruse and the evening complimentary wine and cheese offering was better than adequate with pleasant non - intrusive live piano entertainment .
we used an available pc internet connection in the bar , when it became available .
i would actually recommend the hotel to anyone to whom the actual size of the accomodations is not less important , but completely unimportant .
as i 've detailed , the staff was friendly , the decor was pleasant and tasteful ( evoking the promised casablanca ambience without being overpowering or cartoonish ) and the accomodations were clean , with some pleasant decor - appropriate touches ( e . g .
unusual orange scented shampoo and soap ) .
with all of those positives said though . . . i 've struggled with rating it as between neutral and okay , but some problems because it was just so small .
frankly , unacceptably small .
because they 've made such great effort to offer a worthwhile experience with the space they have , i 've opted to go with the higher rating . . . but we would not stay there again .
a final noteworthy disappointment was that after the trip , they double - charged our credit card .
while they remedied it within a couple of days , charging back one of the two charges , they repeatedly blamed their credit card processor and while apologizing for the inconvenience , took no responsibility for it .
just ok my wife and i stayed at the casablanca over the weekend .
the hotel was quiet , well maintained and just around the corner from times square .
the continental breakfast was excellent .
unfortunately we were expecting a larger room for the amount we paid .
the bathroom was well decorated and the shower excellent .
not sure if we would stay there again .
great location , shabby rooms great location if you want to be near the theaters .
the lounge is great , loved the coffee machine .
the little courtyard is a nice touch .
the rooms are very small and rather shabby .
we had a one bedroom and a suite .
both were small and the bathrooms were on the tiny side .
i usually stay at the elysee ( a sister resort ) but i was with an elderly relative who could not walk from 54th to the theater .
i may stay there again if walking is a problem .
nice hotel our stay was in september during our honeymoon and san francisco was our first stop , we were only there for a few days and knew we wanted something central and not nessecarily luxurious and this is what you get .
the rooms are pretty small but they are well kept and very clean , the location is right on union square where there is plenty of shops etc but as a tourist you may find yourself spending quite a bit of time around the fisherman wharf area . i was a little annoyed that there was no mention of any congratulations on our honeymoon as it was on our booking especially as other reviewers had mentioned they got champagne etc on a special occaison , anyway this was not a big deal but it is the little things that make the difference .
overall if you want a hotel that is central , clean and for a decent price , i do not think you can go wrong with this place .
it 's old , small and historic , just as advertised i knew this was an old historic hotel with small rooms , no air conditioning , and small bathrooms when i booked it .
even so , after having stayed there , i just do not think it 's a property which deserves an above average or excellent rating .
in my opinion , it 's just average and after all , what 's wrong with an average rating for an average hotel ?
great location , no air - con and the room was small i cannot complain about the location , union square is the place to be .
the hotel was old and as such the rooms were small and there was no air - conditioning , you get what you pay for i suppose .
apart from this we enjoyed our stay in the great city .
did not live up to the reviews my boyfriend and i were very excited to stay at the chancellor based on the great reviews here .
the front desk staff did their jobs but did not seem like they wanted to be there , i . e . no smiles , not quite friendly .
also , the woman working the info/tourist desk practically assaulted us trying to give us brochues when all we really wanted to do was get to our room .
if we want info we 'll come to you . the room was what i expected based on the reviews .
while i did know that there would be no a/c i did not know that there would be no screens on the windows .
unfortunately , we had a few flying bug guests staying with us that night . we were only booked for 2 nights and the second night when we returned after a long day of sightseeing , we saw that our room had not been made up .
we spoke to the front desk and they appologized and brought some extra pillows but really to me that is inexcusable .
i know people make mistakes but we were really annoyed . while the hotel is in a good location and was clean i would try a different one next time in sf .
staff friendly but hotel rooms a bit tatty recently stayed at the chancellor as part of a large group .
we booked 7 hotel rooms in total .
on arrival we checked in and the girls on reception were really helpful , however only 2 of the 7 rooms were ready for us .
we were disappointed as it was after 2pm so we did expect the rooms to be ready , so we ended up dumping all the baggage in the 2 rooms so we could go out . all the rooms were really small and as 2 of the rooms had babies in them and therefore needed cribs ( which resembled something out of a orphanage but were clean and comfortable ) there was not much room at all .
although reception were pleasant and helpful they did not really allocate the rooms acording to who was staying in them , as the largest room was given to one of our group who was staying on his own rather than being given to the family who has a baby .
so we swapped rooms between ourselves . we stayed in room 906 whcih was clean and tidy and had a bowl of sweets , which was a nice touch .
however the bathroom was old and tatty and in need of some renovation , also i was convinced i could smell vomit in the room .
the location of the hotel is very close to union square which is excellent for shops .
howvever there seems to be a lot of homeless people hanging around this area , ( much more than when i visited san fran a few years ago ) this was very intimidating at night , so next time i would be tempted to stay near the wharf rather than union square . the hotel lobby has free tea and coffee and cookies ( which were lovely ) and there was a residents bar which did great cocktails - however this closed really early ( around 9.30pm ) which was a bit disapointing . had breakfast once in the hotel and the fried eggs over easy were delish ! .
also there is a fab restaurant next door that did fantastic fillet steak . all in all i enjoyed it but would not stay there again .
wonderful location but basic hotel the best thing that this hotel has going for it is its location .
situated in the middle of union square - the hotel was a short walking distance from all the shops and good restaurants .
the hotel was probably one of the worst that we stayed in in terms of decor - it was very dated and the rooms were very small with very old bathroom facilities .
when we checked in we were told we had a lovely view from our room only to discover we were looking straight into a brick wall . the staff were friendly enough but not welcoming in my opinion .
they were much more friendlier in the restaurant part and served a lovely breakfast ! we did not spend too much time in the hotel because we were busy exploring all that san francisco has to offer so the fact that the hotel was not great did not really matter because the location was superb .
i think if i were going back to san francisco i would consider staying in a hotel in fisherman 's wharf because this is where we spent most of our time .
lovely restaurant up above the chancellor hotel though - great food but service a bit slow ! !
value but thin walls the chancellor actually gets 5 on service/value  2.5 on ambience .
i got $100/night via expedia - great rate for downtown sf on union square for an older but upgraded facility that had free and reliable wireless internet , free access to a health club 1 block away , free paper , coffee , cookies , immaculate ,  excellent customer service .
comfortable bed but room small , dark , somewhat depressing , mournful - green decor .
real problem - thin walls .
in my first room , my neighbor came in at 3 am , loud conversation , easily heard , awful night .
not the hotel?? fault though they were more than gracious in getting me a room on the top floor , away from cable car noise ,  with much better light .
also retrieved a couple of things i forgot in the course of the move .
could still hear conversation next door but not at all hours of night , an improvement .
bottom line - excellent value if you are a deep sleeper .
great location for dining and show my wife and i drove up to the city and stayed at the chancellor for one night , after seeing an afternoon performance of jersey boys ( fantastic ) , and eating at aqua afterwards .
the hotel was perfectly located for this , as we walked to the show , and then to our restaurant afterwards .
no cabs necessary .
our room was very clean ( although the hall stairwell carpet was dirty ) , the help was polite and attentive , and we also enjoyed the tiny bar on ground level .
so all in all , very nice , and at a really good price . what prevents me from giving a higher rating was the noise level in our room .
we were on the second floor , with powell street directly outside of our room .
the traffic noise , with the regular cablecars , then deliveries early morning , was high .
both my wife and i had difficulty sleeping , even after 2 bottles of wine at dinner !
if you get a room such as ours , bring earplugs .
i read many of the reviews before booking this hotel , but did not see any problem with noise noted .
maybe these people had rooms off of the street level , on a higher floor .
if it were not for the noise issue , this hotel would rate a 4 to 5. 
overall happy stayed may 2007, in town for business . room 1300the + : - great location , close to cable car , shopping , food ! - very pleased with the staff - nice view , high floor , no significant noise issues - had to close window anyway at nights - chilly ! - free coffee and cookies downstairs in the lobby - liked the small hotel character and the lack of a huge/commercial lobby - they had accommodated my request for hypoallergenic pillows and high floor ( thank you ) - free wireless internet access with no problemsthe - : and wes , do not get upset please . . . : - ) - moldy smell upon entering the room - room needs updating ( i think they are in the process ) , carpet needs help . . . , bed headboard needs replacing/cleaning , room needs better electricity plugs and they need to e made more accessible , lamp shades have stains - room needed more dusting , especially the walk - in closet and the bed headboardoverall , i was pleased and loved the convenient location , but i can only give 3 dots ( neutral/average ) , only because of the above negatives .
i was there for business and stayed by myself .
i would return for a similar trip , but not for a family/couple stay until the renovation is completed .
i think when the rooms get upgraded i will be able to give 4 or 5 dots .
overrated , but not horrible stayed in room 1400 ( corner room ) .
really small room .
was able to touch both walls of the bathroom while standing in the middle ( i 'm only 6' tall ) .
but , no biggie , room was functionable .
i consider this place quaint .
staff was nice - no complaints about them ( no kudos either , they did not go out of their way for us , but they were always nice ) .
also , the cable car route starts down the street , but there 's a line all the time to ride it , so it 's no advantage .
the irish bar around the corner ( lefty 's i think ) is great for breakfast .
also , easy walk to chinatown and then to little italy . i personally think people were rating this hotel so high because they liked the location and also that this hotel is at least $50 cheaper than the nearby chain - brand hotels .
otherwise , i 've stayed at courtyard marriotts better than this .
ps - eat at the crustacean - best d - crab you will ever eat !
okay but could have been better we stayed at the chancellor in late december including new years eve where we anticipated that things would be happening at the square . however , due to the riots of new years eve 2005, the union square grassed area was fenced off this year ensuring that everyone would attend the riots down on the foreshore in 2006! the chancellor is one of those hotels where everything seems okay and pleasant enough but things just do not seem to come together . the room was okay but nothing special .
the entrance was functional and check in smooth but nothing special . the biggest plus was that the cable car stop was very close and the major shops were reasonably close .
there is also a 24 hour pharmacy four doors up .
but once again , nothing ignited me about the place . the thing that saddened me most about sfo was the amount of poverty and maybe this jaded me against the chancellor . i think next time i am in sfo is to head down to the wharf area .
it seemed reasonable alive even at 11am in the morning .
very tired hoel in great location this very tired looking hotel in a great location .
my room was very dated and had a view of a high wall , stair well and fire escape !
the bathroom looked as though it had not been decorated since the end of word war 2! on the plus side the staff were very helpful , the restaurant was very good and reasonably priced , the fast free internet and complimentary coffee and cookies in the lobby were nice touches and of course , the location was brilliant .
great location having studied the reviews of the hotel on this site i was confident i would enjoy my stay at this hotel . i checked in at about 9pm and was checked in quickly .
my room on the 5th floor was clean and adequate for my stay .
i was disappointed with my view , facing i think the rear of another hotel and some fans , but not everyone can have a front facing room ! the hotel served a purpose for an excellent price in a excellent location .
check - in could have been more informative , but there were lots of information leaflets and booklets in the room .
i had a cookie while i checked in ( but only because i knew about them ) .
however when i checked out , the guy was excellent , offered to hail a cab , offered coffee etc . . . .the chancellor was clean , comfortable and quiet and i would stay there again . fell in love with san francisco and will return . . . .
great value for money we stayed at the chancellor from 3rd to 7th october 2006.
it was a fantastic location ( so much better than staying near fisherman 's wharf ) right on union square .
we had a room at the front which can be a bit noisy so bring some ear plugs if you 're a light sleeper !
we recommend going next door to sears for breakfast ( can be long queues on a saturday ) they offer a great variety ( the fresh fruit bowl was enormous ) .
the rooms are a little dated but clean and perfectly adequate .
if you 're after 4 star this is not it but it 's great if you want somewhere with a good location at a very reasonable price .
chancellor is okay , but not great i booked this hotel solely based on tripadvisor .
first the good then the bad . good : great location .
right across from a cable stop .
almost the center of union square area .
bookstore next door , great restaurants in the area , safe and clean streat .
hotel was clean , staff was very friendly and helpful , lobby charming , free coffee and wireless , quaint old hotel ( with old pictures as proof ) .
you feel like you stepped back in time .
bellhops were the nicest .
we were there for their managers ' greet that they have once a month - nice touch .
a lot of activity in the area .
very professional staff . bad : no air .
other than a ceiling fan , they have no fresh air to bring into the room , air conditioner knob does not do much and it 's too loud outside to even consider sleeping with the window open .
rooms very small ( european style ) .
a bit long in the tooth ( chair was stained , a little rust in bathroom , but not too bad ) .
walls paper thin .
not only heard slamming doors and speaking , we understood their conversations .
because you cannot run an air conditioner or fan , you ca not block it out .
between the noise on the street and the noise from the room next door - far too noisey for a light to moderate sleeper .
summary : be prepared to pay $200 for a very small and noisey room .
next time i will pay a little more for a better stay likely off of powell street .
convenient and comfortable !
this hotel has an amazing location and while the rooms were not huge or new , it was very clean and comfortable .
as a business traveler on a very limited expense account , it had wireless internet and everything i needed within walking distance .
the staff was very friendly and it was a great value !
not the most glamarous this is not the worst hotel but definately is not the best .
the rooms were tiny and so were the beds .
the bathroom looked like it hade not been updated since the 1940s but the rooms were clean and the staff was friendly .
it was also a great location .
maybe it was because we had just come from staying in pebble beach and monterey , but i would not stay here again .
but for the price , its worth it .
frustrating stay - - not bad , not great .
my boyfriend and i visited for three nights at the end of march .
while we enjoyed our visit and thought that the chancellor was certainly a value , there are a couple things i would warn fellow travellers about : if you are a light sleeper , request a room that is not adjoining with another one ( does not have a door in between ) .
we had a couple with a very small child next door to us , and we could hear every noise that the baby made , including when it started shrieking at 3 in the morning .
i realize that it is an old building and so might have thin walls , but the noise was unbearable .
we called down the desk to see if we could switch rooms , but were told that since it was past 10 o 'clock there was no way we could switch because there were no other rooms made up .
this seemed unnecessary - - why would not you have rooms made up in case guests need to switch or a guest wanted to check - in late at night ?
and how were we supposed to know that it would be too loud to sleep until we had actually tried to go to bed ?
they also claimed to have white noise machines available , but one was lent out and the other was broken . we did end up switching rooms after a night of bad sleep , but the whole thing was a hassle and extremely frustrating .
the second room was much much quieter ( no adjoining room ) .
the rooms were decently sized , bigger than what i expected after reading reviews .
the pillows that came with the room were horrible , but that was remedied by calling down to the front desk and ordering off of the pillow menu .
all in all , it seemed like the hotel could have spent more effort on getting the little things right in the first place and less on luxury add - ons that just seemed out of place ( the pillow menu , or the spa menu in the bathroom ) .
also be warned that the location of the hotel is right on union square , and while that might be great for those who are visiting the city for the first time , i would not stay in that exact area again .
everything around the hotel is extremely touristy , which makes it hard to do things like grabbing breakfast or drinks quickly and cheaply .
it 's a good place from which to see the city for the first time , but the whole cable car/giant chain stores/lots of homeless people/bad food thing gets old pretty quickly .
( i realize that 's not the chancellor 's fault , but the area in general ) .i also find it kind of odd that the hotel comes on here and defends itself rather than letting guests critique their stay fairly - - it 's intimidating and i would keep that in mind as a potential guest reading these reviews .
good staff/location/value , average room , stuffy we just got back from a one night stay at the chancellor hotel on union square .
we live about an hour away and came into town for a party in the city and did not want to drive home .
here are my general thoughts - both good and bad . the good1.
kudos to management for coming here and reading and responding to the comments on this site .
i think that says a lot for the management and , regardless of what else i say here , they are to be commended .2.
the chancellor is in a great location in san francisco and is a good value for the money .
the bed was comfortable and the room , while somewhat small , was clean and fine for our purposes .3.
the staff was very friendly and professional . the bad1.
there is nothing management can do about this , but be advised that the bathrooms are really small .
they have a deep tub , which *is* a nice touch , but there is really only room for one person in the bathroom at a time .
the pictures posted on this site are accurate .
2. in the case of the rooms facing union square , the lack of air conditioning was a real issue for us .
granted this is san francisco , and it rarely gets ridiculously hot , but here is the dillemna : we were on the 13th floor facing the street .
more quiet than the lower floors i would imagine , but there is still plenty of street noise .
so you can keep the window closed , but then the room gets really , really stuffy and the ceiling fan just does not do enough to rectify that problem .
you could open the window , but it is on the fire escape so there is a potential stranger access / safety issue that is not unreasonable in a major city .
there *is* a little bolt to hold it closed , but it is not big enough to allow any real air in the room .
even if you did either the full open window or the small latched opening , it would be useless as you would have to open up the blinds to let the air in . . . and there is a huge harry denton 's starlight lounge neon sign directly opposite the higher floors and flashing outside all night long .
so you have to choose between stuffiness ( which is made worse by the smallness of the room/shower and the warmth of that filling up the room ) and the neon light flashing in your room all night long .
my wife and i both woke up due to the warm stuffiness in the room several times throughout the night . there it is . . . warts and all .
i think that the chancellor is a good value hotel in a great location with a good staff and responsive management and would recommend it with the caveats listed above .
there are nicer places to stay in sf , but not at this price in this location .
by the way , some people we know stayed at the mosser 1/3 mile away .
it was okay i thought the hotel was just ok . the staff was friendly , but it did take them a very long time to check us in and give us our room keys .
check out was also a long process .
the room was ok , but the heater seemed to never turn off so it was extremely hot at times . the location is the best part of it .
pretty good value amazing location .
one elevator was unavailable the entire time we were there ( dec 25 - 29th ) .
the other one only held 6 people and was quite slow .
there is a scary sign at the entrance about the building containing some sorts of hazardous materials that can cause cancer or something .
rooms are good , since if ur on vacation u do not plan on spending a lot of time there .
good i really quite liked this hotel .
it had a certain charm but do not ask me why .
this hotel is ideally located in union square and is close to the main tram stop at the bottom of powell street .
the bay area will take around 30 minutes to walk but trust me the queue for the trams are usually much longer . i found the room very spacious and cleanliness of this hotel very good .
for the price , i found it good value and had a pleasant stay .
average - good value - i guess we visited the hotel in july 2004.
the hotel is in the perfect location - right by union square .
with regards to the room quality and size , i found it a little disappointing .
the bathroom is very small .
we are not in san francisco to stay in the room but we all like to have a fairly spacious area .
i felt confined and clustered .
the price is great with regards to the location .
the restaurant in the looby is very quite and the bar is small .
if you are there to relax and take it easy , it is a good value hotel .
if you are young and looking for a liitle action , i recommend you go the sir drake hotel instead which is just across the street .
other than that i must conclude that i am satisfied , not anything more .
good value we paid $109 for our twin room .
the room was small but adequate but the ceiling fan was not enought to cool the room .
we kept the curtains closed for most of the day but it was still hot at night .
the bathroom is very small but the location made up for any downfalls .
the cable car is on the doorstep and union square is a two minute walk away .
the constant supply of coffee , cookies and superb fresh apples helped the budget .
the staff were helpful and courteous with a lobby shop that sells transport tickets .
the hotel is very near diners and all that san francisco has to offer .
a tip , ask for a quiet room at the rear of the hotel , no view but a peaceful sleep .
location location location my wife and i stayed at the chancellor for three nights in march 2004.
the location of this hotel could not have been better for us , we put the hire car to bed and walked all over the city .
the cable car stop was just right outside the front door ( walk down to the truntable or you will never get on ) .
the room was a little bit small but the walk in wardrobe helped with hiding the luggage .
breakfast was included in our deal and it got us of to a good start .
would i stay at the chancellor again , yes i would .
chancellor grade : b - /c+ my family ( mom  dad plus 2 teenage girls ) stayed at the chancellor for 7 nights in mid - february .
location was super . . . cable car to fisherman 's wharf/alcatraz boats right in front of hotel - -buses 2 or 3 blocks away - -subway/street car about 4 or 5 blocks .
walking distance to chinatown and sf museum of modern art plus other venues ( look at the map ) .
many beggars in the union square area , but they were mostly benign - -we walked around until 9-10pm without feeling threatened .
large bookstore right next door . we did not rent a car for our entire stay . . . but we did pick up a two day rental @ the alamo rental right around the corner .
i also saw a budget - rent - a car within close proximity of the hotel .
valet parking was about $35 ( tax incl . ) . . . but for one night , it was worth it .
( we drove to san jose to see the tourist trap winchester mystery house and to gg bridge/muir woods/mount tam/stinson beach/rt 1 - - check national geographic scenic drive website for map of this 45 mile route . . . the scenic vistas were the best i 've ever seen . a good # of restuarants around the hotel . . . fabulous dim sum @ great eastern ( jackson st . ) , decent hunan cuisine @ hunan henry 's , italian food at puccini  panetti 's was good , the retro - diner up the street was barely ok .
the breakfast place right next to the hotel is closed for renovation . look into getting a sf citypass .
for $35, it included unlimited public transportation including cable cars , alcatraz , several museums ( sfmoma and exploratorium were excellent ) , and some shopping discounts ( free chocolate @ ghiradelli sq . ! ) accomodations were adequate .
we had reserved a 1br/1lr/2bath suite , but the kids found the living room sofabed was very uncomfortable .
i called the front desk and was informed that the hotel was sold out and to call the day manager ( rachael ) in the am .
we were provided a roll - away bed and the kids camped out on the first night .
the next day rachael moved us to adjoining rooms with queen sized beds ( for less money - -$79/night per room plus tax ) .
these rooms were smallish , but ok since we spent most of the days touring .
bathrooms were small , but very clean .
shower water pressure was not so great . . . but there were pressure balancing valves that eliminated scalding .
the tubs were a little deeper than a standard tub , but no big deal .
we also requested a refrigerator for the room . . . no charge .
with windows closed and drapes drawn , the (11th floor ) rooms were quiet .
however , if you opened things up , you heard sirens/horns honking/etc .
furniture was a little beat up .
sheets/towels were clean .
hotel staff was excellent . coffee/apples/cookies were always available in the lobby .
the elevators are small and sometimes a little slow .
we did not eat in the hotel restuarant .
the very small hotel bar had a happy hour with some free food , but we never tried it . bottom line : you absolutely can not beat the $79/night price for this excellent location .
the chancellor is not luxurious , but is adequate and clean .
if i had the choice again . . .
if i had the choice again , i would stay at the marriott resort in condado where i stayed in last visit .
i stayed at the ritz for two nights for business , and though i did not utilize many of the services included in the resort fee , i was not overwhelmed and impressed with the hotel and rooms .
it has beautiful grounds , though not in a very good location .
at least $20 taxi fare to central areas like old san juan , business district and condado , and ca not really walk out to anywhere . the rooms in comparison to many other hotels i have stayed was average , and in my view comparable to marriott .
the room i stayed in need some refurbishing in the decor .
the service was average , attentive , but not exceptional and i would find elsewhere in other hotels . in all , the hotel is average ; i was expecting more for a ritz , and the high price that a traveler would pay for this hotel .
lovely hotel . . . .spotty service stayed at the ritz just for one night prior to flying over to st maarten/st .
martin for more vacation time . hotel is beautiful with lovely grounds , pool and hotel rooms .
all amenities in the rooms are bulgari .
check in went very quick and easy .
it was later in the day but decided to get alittle sun before it set so we went to the pool right away . the pool bar/restaurant was closed for renovation .
we wanted to order beverages so looked for a pool server walking around .
no one seemed to be interested in taking our order .
we had to wait a long time and finally i got up and went over to someone to get service .
he did bring us one beverage but we never saw anyone else so we gave up on any other service at the pool . had dinner at mares which was excellent .
prices are a bit high but since it is a ritz , to be expected .
seafood was fresh and the sangria was very tasty !
( of course it was $55.00 for sangria so keep that in mind if you are on a budget ! )went to one of the shops and decided to purchase a copper tile of a parrot which was in the window .
the girl checked the price on the back which said $30.00, which was a pretty good deal .
when she went to ring it up , it rang up as $45.00. . . . a bit more than was quoted .
she was nice and said she would give us a 10% discount since we were staying in the hotel .
we did buy it anyway . went to the casino which was fairly busy considering it was slow season .
roulette was pretty fun and i actually won some $$ , since my husband lost i guess we broke even .
got complimentary drinks , which was very nice since we did not get our beverages at the pool earlier ! checked out the next day and requested a valet to handle our luggage .
we waited for a long time but no one ever came so we just handled it by ourselves .
when we went to the front , they were not very busy so that was not the reason for no valet service . overall , the hotel was very pleasant and attractive , however , being a ritz i would have not expected the issues we had with the pool service or valet service .
still a very nice hotel .
nice place , but horrible service the grounds and the room were in very good condition .
a freindly staff greeted us upon arrival , and checkin went very smooth . our only real complaint was the overall service .
we really expected to get great service and be pampered .
absolute minimum time to get anything is 30 minutes .
when we got there , we went out by the pool and ordered 2 bottled local beers .
they are $8 each , and it took 30 minutes to get them .
we were 25 feet from the bar , so needless to say the next round we went directly to the bar .
then we tried to order a sandwich from the bar , 45 minutes later our cold sandwich arrived . the next morning at breakfast the trend condinued .
i went and ate down the street where the prices were reasonable , but my mother opted to eat a $25 fruit plate .
it took 45 minutes , and we had to ask twice where it was , just for a fruit plate . the beach in front of the hotel is in good condition , and they provide chairs , umbrellas , and towels for you to use free of charge .
the pool area is also very nice , again towels and lounge chairs are available . the hotel is very close to the airport , so be prepared to listen to them all day long take off .
didnt seem to be an issue at night , luckily we could not hear them in our rooms . room was in good condition , marble bathroom , and a very comfortable bed . we ate most of our meals off site , because of price and poor service .
typical ritz i have stayed here a few times now on business and there is certainly a lot to like about the ritz san juan .
the service is typical ritz : everyone is very friendly and mostly eager to help you . maybe it 's just a personal preference type of situation but in comparison to other places i have stayed in the caribean and mexico , i would not book this place for a personal or family vacation .
like almost all ritz carltons , it is more geared to the business traveler , and all of my visits have been on the company dime . the rooms are typical ritz , so they are nice .
big beds , big lcd tv , big bathroom ( standard tubs though ) .
most rooms do not have balconeys though so that 's a bit of a letdown .
i 'm sure this is becasue the hotel is right accross from the airport runway and instead of balcony that would let in noise , they have the thickest glass windows you can imagine .
it does work as you cannot hear the planes when in the hotel .
the grounds are very nice , with flowers , plants , lots of palm trees etc .
the pool is nice but they jam pack the chairs in like sardines so it is difficult to walk around from one side of the pool to another .
it 's more of a formal pool and does not have fun suff like a swim up bar , or side river pools .
this seems to be the case with all ritz 's , even in tropical vacation destinations .
to me that is just plain boring as i like really creative and large pools ( see the el san juan right down the street ) .
the beach is ok .
nice , moderate waves to body surf but the water is not very clear or blue .
my biggest complaint would be with the restaurants and the overal cost of food and drinks .
i know it 's the ritz and many people staying here do not worry about what they spend but c 'mon , $16 for a pina colada with hardly any rum is just an insult .
the two main restaurants are so overpriced it 's not funny .
the blt steakhouse would be fine if the steak cost $20, but it costs $48 for a ny sirloin or filet .
at those prices i expect mortons quality or better but what you get is a very average steak ( a la carte i might add ) .
the italian restaurant is cheaper but the food . . . not so good .
your best value is the $22 burger ( imagine that ) from the pool bar or room service .
at least it fills you up for a reasonable amount .
there are some dive restaurants that you can walk to but nothing very exciting . i would have given this a 3.5 stars if ta allowed half stars .
airport 500 ft in front of hotel .
on our way to carnival cruise , my family decided to stay a couple of days at the ritz to check out san juan . . upon arriving we were very impress with the hotels ground .
its is beautiful . .we had the city view room ( thinking , we do not need ocean view because we already booked a balcony state room on carnival . )
surprise ! ! ! . . . . .all the rooms at the front of the hotel face the airport .
though the double panes windows kept the noise level to an acceptable level , every now and then , we heard the thunderous roar . of the larger size planes . .
we paid $450 per night , ocean view were $150 more . .
we had the club level room .
for those who do not know , these are a private exclusive rooms for which you need a special key to get to this level on the elevator .
inside there is a lounge that serves breakfast , lunch , h 'orderves . , desert alcoholic beverages , etc .
this lounge , though very regal , the food was far from what you would expect from a resort hotel .
the breakfast was worse than best western we stayed at in norther california . .lunch was nothing to call grandma about .
the hotel 's three restaurant was way over priced .
one night , i had a burger and two drinks at the hotel lounge area , it cost me $50 with tips . in addition .
round - trip to old san juan cost $50 by taxi . .
the only highlights are the pool and beach areas were very nice .
the services were impeccable .
people working for the hotel were friendly and helpful .
i do not recommend this hotel to anyone under 17, it is very stuffy . . should i say the s word snobbery . . . . . . .well i said it stay in old town , you 'll have loads of fun .
save on the cost of transportation . .hope this is helpful , until next time fellow traveler .
spring break at the ritz it is okay we stayed 7 days at the ritz carlton for spring break ; we choose a club room after reading some of the reviews about how expensive the food was .
when we arrived we were faced by a long line at the front office .
we have been staying at ritz carlton hotels for years and this the first time i see such a long line at the front desk .
i understand it was spring break but i thought the ritz should have had more people at the desk to make sure the line moves faster .
we got to the room and i was very surprised how small the room is and how moderate it is .
we paid over $700 a night for that i expected better .
the room was very clean and service was good but i did not feel it was a resort hotel it is more like a business hotel .
the beach is ok and the room has no balcony only few with balcony .
nothing special so i was very excited about staying at the ritz - carlton san juan .
while it certainly was not a bad place , it was really no different than a hilton or marriott that i might say at in the states .
( made me wonder what the hilton and marriott are like here in san juan ) for $400 per night i had a room with a view of a condo parking lot and security fence . . . but could not really even see that since the dual - pane glass was stained with salt or some substance .
the service was subpar for a hotel in this category , my first night i requested a wake - up call and after setting this up the woman asked , is there anything else that i can help you with ?
at which point i mentioned , why yes , in fact i have a sports jacket that needs cleaning . . . what should i do ? and the woman said , oh , i do not know anything about that . . . call in the morning and they can help you .
i know i probably sound like a snob but this is the ritz carlton , i expect top - notch service , not the same that i 'd get at the hilton or marriott .
the room was also very much like staying at a hilton . . . to be honest , i could not tell the difference .
now , let me say some good things . . . the pool was wonderful as were the grounds .
also , the beach was very nice . . . i never thought of puerto rico as having such a nice beach .
overall , not a bad experience but nothing that would make me want to spend this kind of money again .
what i do not know is if things in puerto rico are not just very nice and if this really is the best place to stay ?
i have not tried any of the other places .
nice property , too crowded and bad service we stayed here for one night at the tail - end of our honeymoon before catching our plane home .
the property is beautiful , but in case it 's not clear from the property description . . . it is located right next to the san juan airport .
the airport is probably a two minute drive from the hotel .
our room was on the san juan facing side and looked out onto the airport runway .
this did not seem to create noise issues however as i guess the hotel must be far enough away or the flight pathways do not go directly over the hotel and so the noise is not really noticeable .
in fact , some might consider it a great convenience if you 're looking for a quick - strike vacation because you do not have to waste time in ground transport when you arrive in san juan . the hotel is extremely crowded . . . at least it was when we were there .
it seemed there was always a queue at the reservation desk and the restaurants were packed ( i think there are only two - one by the beach and the italian restaurant next to the casino ) .
crowds can be ok if they are managed well .
unfortunately , the hotel staff seemed incapable of handling the crowds very well .
the wait times were very long at the reservation desk both to check in and to check out . my take - away from our stay here was it 's a great hotel if you 're looking for a get away to a pretty hotel with a nice beach and you do not mind navigating crowds .
it 's a terrible hotel if you 're looking for a forget the world experience - quiet , peaceful , service like you 're the only customer that matters , etc .
okay , but not your typical ritz - carlton i was attending a 50th birthday celebration of a close friend at the ritz - carlton san juan over a long weekend .
the hotel is very close to the airport , with a $10.00 cab fare , this would be a great hotel if you had to over - night in san juan for an airline connection .
arrival at the hotel was very typical of a ritz - carlton , a friendly greeting , assistance with luggage and a prompt escort to the reception desk .
front desk staff very helpful , but they do try and upgrade you away from their city view rooms , which are honestly a view of the tacky apartment building next door .
we paid about $500.00 per night on a package rate ( arranged by the host of the party and did include taxes ) , but were not interested in spending more money for a pool view ( which i always find to be loud anyway ) .
the room : not your typical ritz - carlton resort room .
the room was strangely very marriott ( i know , they 're owned by marriott ) , and did not have many of those special touches that you come to expect at r . c .
the bathroom was very r . c . with plenty of towels , mirrors , etc . all - in - all the room was very plain and not very luxurious at all . we went to mares restaurant and sat in the outside open air portion of the restaurant ( close to the pool ) to get a quick bite to eat after our flight .
after about 15 minutes , we were finally brought menus .
we ordered two cocktails , one cobb salad and one order of fish tacos .
another 15 minutes went by , drinks finally arrived and soon afterwards , our lunch .
two more gin and tonics later , the bill arrived .
trust me , you 'll want the extra cocktails here , because the bill total was $87.00.
okay , it 's an island and things need to be imported , but salad and tacos ?
we almost had to leave without paying because there was no one to pick up the check and credit card after 25 minutes .
you are not paying for service at mare 's .
also , breakfast here gives new meaning to an eye opener , beacuse a buffet will set you back $67.00 for two .
two gin and tonics poolside ?
that 's $26.00 please .
i was starting to think i may have been better of just sending an expesive gift to the birthday girl and called it a day . . . . . i also hate the standard 10% resort fee that every resort seems to change these days , but you will also find a $2.00 maid fee for each night also thoughtfully included in your final bill .
each day our rooms were not freshened until way after 3:00pm , i wonder if the fee was $4.00, would you receive better service ?
the bottom line is that the resort is nice , but service very flawed .
if you 're used to the r . c . in naples , amelia island , cayman islands or palm beach ( all of which i have been to ) , you will be very dissapointed in this resort .
you are simply nickel and dimed for services that any of the above mentioned r . c . would provide , not only free of charge , but without hesitation , knowing that the cost of your room is the fee you pay for an outstanding experience .
ritz - carlton hotels are without a doubt , some of the best resorts on the planet , sadly san juan seems to be in a world of it 's own .
a little disappointed my wife and i stayed at the ritz for two nights before going on to st barts .
our impression of the hotel , generally , is that it is quite nice , and up to the ritz standard .
we were left somewhat disappointed with our room .
we requested , and received , a room on the club level with a balcony overlooking the ocean .
the rate was $1900/nt .
the problems were as follows : 1) the size of the room was no larger than a standard room .
we knew in advance what the rate was , so there is no complaint there .
we just thought that for this rate we should have a more substantial amount of space ; 2) our room was infested with ants .
do not ask me why this is not our number one complaint .
nonetheless , it was frustrating .
we contacted the hotel who replied , ( not joking ) what would you like us to do ?
we asked them to send up an exterminator .
they did , however , the ants returned in force ; 3) the ritz charged us a 10% per day resort fee .
this meant an additional $190/nt to use the hotel 's facilities .
this really irked me for some reason .
i would rather they simply raised the room rate by an equal amount .
does a family of four staying in a $400/nt room really use 1/5 the facilities that my wife and i used during our two night stay ?
this just felt like it was unnecessary gouging .
i did not complain about this charge , so i do not know what the management 's position is on the matter . now for the really good .
eveybody at this property went out of their way to make us feel welcome .
they are truly warm friendly people who took every opportunity to try to please us .
we really appreciated their hospitality .
the pool area was clean and a great place to fall asleep while my wife was out spending money ( er , sightseeing , i mean ) .
since we travel through puerto rico frequently to get to st barts , we will be staying here again .
we will pay the outrageous 10% resort fee , and we will sleep in a room way too small for $1900/nt .
we will even try to beat back the ants - though we wish we did not have too .
not bad but certainly nothing great we had a group of rooms for a company retreat .
hotel is a ritz carlton and it is like the other ritz carltons but it 's nothing great .
perhaps compared to the other properties around it , it 's the best available .
food was allright and familiarly uninspiring and i was not happy that almost all the fruit seemed to come from california and the orange and mango juice on the morning buffet came from a bottle .
maybe that 's what people who go to ritz carltons like .
beach is nothing great and there is no place to go outside the hotel in the surrounding area unless you are going to old san juan a 15-20 minute cab ride away .
it is 5 minutes from the airport and that 's a plus if you need the quick transfer .
room was perfectly fine but again , nothing ritzy about it .
i was disappointed that as a leader of this group using over half a dozen rooms , the hotel did nothing to show their appreciation to me during my stay and did not even seem to have my name on file .
prices are pretty high here for everything - - the spa is $165 for a 50 minute massage ; a fish sandwich at the pool is $19 plus tax and tip .
i pay a lot less for this at comparable properties in the us and i expected a more reasonable price for things in puerto rico .
the italian restaurant on the property is sky - high with $50 entrees .
i do not see the value at this property in puerto rico unless you know you want to be in san juan and you want this property .
decent enough , but not great the hotel was ok .
the rooms were clean and the bed was very comfortable .
the staff tried to be helpful , but sometimes left out important details that would have been nice to know .
the pool is clean and large but shallow .
the beach was clean , but the water was kind of nasty - muddy with a lot of seaweed .
room service meals are very , very expensive .
do not order food to your room unless you do not mind spedning $30 for a sandwich or $18 for a bowl of fruit .
drinks at the hotel were also expensive - $12.50 for a mojito - a tasty drink , but still too expensive .
not up to the ritz standards me and my girlfriend went here on memorial day .
i have to say it was not what i expected at all .
the location was good because it 10 minutes from the airport but everything else was not impressive .
we have stayed at about 7 different ritz locations now this one being the worst .
the chairs at the pool are on top of each other .
they did not have enough servers to handle all the drink orders .
if you didnt get down to the pool by 9 am then you didnt get a chair .
the property itself is very small so it is not a typical sprawing ritz resort .
the room was tiny and basic .
the only thing that didnt make this a marriott room was a flat screen tv .
the one redeeming quality about the hotel was the restaurant .
the formal restaurant was amazing .
the service , food and wine were really the only thing that reminded you that this was a ritz .
if you are looking for a quick flight from the east coast to the carribean i highly recommend the st . thomas ritz .
you will not be disappointed there .
ritz : cancelled our wedding plans we just returned from a 5 day stay at the ritz . .we were headed there to plan our wedding taking place in june 08. . .after our 3rd day there we had a change of heart !
overall : the grounds were well kept and beautiful including the lobby and restuarants . .the people were extremely nice . . . however the rooms leave little to be desired . . . we got a great deal $175 a nite through our travel agent but ended up facing the city aka the airport . . . we were willing to accept this because of the low price we paid , however when we explained we were planning to have our wedding there they didnt even bother to help give us an upgrade . .noise : far as previous reviews posted about the airplanes . . . we werent too upset with this . .indoors you couldnt really hear them but outside by the pool was a bit too noisy for me especially in the morning when your just trying to relaxfood : the restuarants were fare , i think what made them worse was the fact that the prices were out of sight !
now just to be clear we live in the heart of nyc and are used to paying high prices at restuarants but we usually get what we pay for here . . . at the ritz it felt like we were being taken advantage of . . . $58 per person for the sunday buffet at the restaurant mares ! ! im sorry but no breakfast is worth $58 per personneedless to say we will not be coming back here and have called off the plans to have our wedding here next year . . . starting our plans back at ground 0 but if you do plan to visit san juan after exploring other hotels nearby the ritz is your best bet 
beautiful , if only they could manage to clean my room the hotel is beautiful - - the beach , the pool , and we really enjoyed the spa .
the most significant problem we had was getting housecleaning to make it to our room .
we stayed for four nights and had no problems the first morning , but a dismal experience in the following days .
the highlight was definitely the spa and fitness center .
the facilities were excellent and the wide array of fitness classes were a strong feature .
the food - - we ate at both mare and the new mulinas - - was excellent .
major problem : getting the room cleaned by a reasonable time ( and one day they never came 'til the turndown ) .i came back to my room at 4:50 pm the second day to find still no one had come to clean .
when i called , i was told that they worked from 9 to 5:30 pm , so they would probably be along soon .
: ( i was very disappointed by this standard and told him that it was not appropriate for any hotel , let alone a ritz carlton ; but the gentlemen told me that they had a lot of rooms , so this was how they did it .
he was willing , he said , to put me down to get service earlier for the next day , although he said this would just mean some other room got serviced later .
i asked that cleaning be completed by 1pm ( that 's my standard , even if it is not theirs ) .
the next day , my husband returned at 1:45 to find no cleaning had been done and went to the front desk to get i 'm so sorry .
i will call them , it will get done right away .
by 3, still no cleaning .
as a breastfeeding mom away from her baby , i need to be able to relax and pump on time , not waiting and calling and waiting and calling to get know i can relax and pump uninterrupted .
the manager was apologetic , but was not able to actually get things done right .
pretty nice , but not one of the better ritz 's if you are used to other rcs , this wo not be impressive .
the club level was packed - hard to even get anyone to help for questions .
lots of kids running around .
small beach and very windy , so for our 4 day stay , we could not do any of the resort activities that involved the water ( kayaks , sailboats , etc . ) rooms were avarage , almost all with no balcony ( i think it 's beacuse of the airport proximity ) .
planes did not bother us , though .
good hotel . . . bad restaurant . . . . definetly a good hotel , but i will not recommend blt steak .
if you will like to eat in a steak house go to next door at the palm or morton 's at the caribbe hilton . (we
went there for one of our nights and we loved it ! )
the concierge was fabulos ! ! ! !
they send us to the best restaurants . . . .of course they are the one that told us to go to morton 's .
just remember if you stay at this property you will love it . . . but ask the concierge for their favorites restaurants , if you like the best .
rooms they were ok , but a little pricy for the space and no balcony .
il mulino was great !
italian restaurant also inside the hotel .
old san juan is just 15 to 20 minutes in a taxi $20.00 one way .
and the staff at the hotel is great exept for the staff at blt , because they are a restaurant from ny i 'm thinking that the staff and especially the managment is not part of the hotel .
i 've been to the one in ny but believe me is totally diffrent .
good enough discounted .
next review ( see carimar , holland house , grand case ) well , ritz - carlton ummm it has a beautiful lobby with a lot of good property amenities best of all it has a gym and spa and thank goodness we did not have to pay extra for the gym but at $400/night i guess a gym pass is expected .
the beach was okay but everyone seems to enjoy the pool a great deal .
this hotel is fabulous at a discounted price it is worth exactly half the price i would only go back at $200/night and if they assured me that my do not disturbed sign would be respected .
i disliked el conquistador and ritz might be the best accommodations in san juan and there lies the trap .
the atmosphere did scream vacation with ( coqu? - little frog ) singing to you at the front of the hotel ( i believe it is a recording ) but nice .
a few restaurants , concierge , high tea , and the spa helps to make your stay enjoyable .
the room was spacious but best of all the bathroom was lovely .
i like certain basic amenities and usually wo not stay at a hotel if they do not have them and the ritz did :1.
pull out wall mirror in bathroom2.
big spacious marble counter tops for all my jewelry , perfumes , jels , lotions and potions ( smile ) makeup etc . . . . .3.
shelf space in the shower and a shower line to hang towels and undies to dry .4.
spacious bathroom with beautiful tiles .5.
toilet separate ( with a phone )7.
bathroom scale8.
toiletries ( i bring my own but ritz was one of the two i actually would recommend for use ) .
( hilton 's resource spa ) one big peev : cleaning crew kept coming into my room even though i had a do not disturb sign .
i usually have my things laid out just right and i do not like folks messing with that but some how my sign would disappear and in they would come , luckily i was in the room every time and sent them packing ( smile ) .
spoke with security 5 different times ( head of security even came to my room ) and they would assure me but house keeping would still come in .
they tried to say there might be some kids playfully removing the sign but i never saw or heard any children . they never offered any gift of apology for all the times it happened .
i am glad i was there each time ( at least that i was aware of ) and none of my jewelry came up missing .
i wish i could be a mystery shopper some background - my girlfriend and i booked a 3 night trip on expedia after changing our original destination , so we were offered a special room rate that included a pool view and breakfast buffet for $313.
this is the off - season .
off - season runs from september to november . it 's only natural to list the complaints .
at the end , i 'll list the positives .1.
the initial check - in offered some confusion as the front staff did not recognize the free breakfast buffet .
to correct this , it required a call to expedia and then a return to the front staff .
2. there was some initial confusion checking in .
bell boys would just rush up to you and ask if you were checking in .
there was not really any attentiveness ; it just seemed more like aggression .
for example , i stepped out for a second to answer an important cell phone call and the same bellboy that took my baggage initially rushed up to me again without any awareness that i was on the phone and asked if i needed any help .
and then while i was talking on the phone off to the side , i was aggressively approached by another bell boy and again asked if i needed any help .
and then when i walked back inside , i was rushed at once again by a third worker and asked if i was checking in .
it was all strange behavior .
there was also some confusion about my luggage .
i was told that it was in storage because we had arrived early but when i went to answer my cell outside i noticed that it was left outside on the side where it could easily have been stolen .3.
there was a large stain in the carpet outside our room door .
it was there when we arrived .
it was never cleaned up . 4. the mattress in the room had a bed that sagged very badly , especially on the right side .
you could see the bed sagging severely .
this bad mattress hurt our backs ( we tried switching places ) . 5.
the casino is a bit on the cheap side .
we had to wait two hours so that we could get refunded on a $27 ticket from the auto - cash machine .
apparently , they just installed new auto - cash machines that will refund your money for tickets but they were having problems with the software .
one machine would not take my tickets because i had folded them .
the machine in question did not give me $27 - - and just flashed over and over that it was out of order and that i would have to wait for the operator .
we ended up waiting 2 hours for the manager to refund us ( you ca not just leave the auto - cash machine , you have to stay near it . )
the manager said that they had many complaints about the machine not working but they only put up an out of order sign 2 days after the incident .
no compensation was given to us for having to wait , except for a sweet sandwich .
the manager said that the only person allowed to offer compensation was the cfo of the hotel ; so good luck to anyone that has any issues in the casino .
do not just ask for the manager , ask for the cfo !6.
this is the off - season , but there does seem to be some cheating going on by the taxi drivers who service the ritz .
for example , we were given a ticket by the taxi dispatcher at the airport that said the trip from the airport to the hotel would cost $10.50.
however , when we got to the hotel , the taxi driver tried to ask for $15.00.
even after we showed the driver the ticket , she attempted to argue that we still owed her $15.00.
she tried to say that she did not speak or read english .
we only had 1 piece of luggage with us .
i know this sounds strange but i would not have mentioned it unless there were two other instances of overcharging .
we had asked the concierge how much it would cost to take a taxi from the hotel to the bicardi rum factory and the concierge told us $20 to 25.
however , when we took the taxi , the driver asked us for $35 when arrived at the factory .
and when we took the taxi back , the only available drivers asked for $40.
we did not have much of a choice , so we paid the fare . we reported all the above incidents to the puerto rico transportation department .
i have a feeling that the overcharges were due to us staying at the ritz so be careful .
we 've stayed in puerto rico before (4 times ) but never at the ritz and have never been overcharged on taxi rides before .7.
the ritz - carlton accidentally revealed the industry rate that the charge expedia when they charged us $244 in our folio .
you can check your account through the tv - - i would strongly advise anyone to do this staying at any hotel .
we disputed the fees as soon as we found out , rather than waiting until we checked out .
remember , we had originally booked this vacation via expedia , so expedia charges us , not them .
the front staff took the charge off but they also revealed what they charge expedia ( $244) and the difference that expedia profits in the markup ( $69) .
this did not help us out in getting any type of discount ( we were on the phone with expedia for at least an hour ) but it does reveal that there 's a lot of cannabilizing of hotel rates going on - - not only for the customers who pay the full $500 rate directly throught he ritz but even for the expedia customers who think they are getting a good deal .
one expedia rep told us that 50% of the 500 rooms at the ritz went through expedia .
the same rep also acknowledged that the ritz in san juan was under close watch by expedia due to billing irregularities .8.
the food is average and overpriced .
but that would not be so bad if they offered some healthier choices - - including low - fat , low - cholesterol , or diabetic - friendly foods .
diabetes in particular is a national epidemic ; especially among latinos .
so it 's strange that the ritz is not health - conscious in this regard . positives :1.
rooms are nice .
we got a nice room for a great rate ( or a better rate than initially expected ) .
nice flat screen thin panel lcd televisions .
a little discrepency in that there are more channels offered on the tvs in the gym than in the hotel rooms . housekeeping is great .
nice front staff , nice casino staff , nice food staff .
everyone tries really hard .
there are a lot of good bell boys to make up for the other ones that are mindless .2.
food is overpriced but not that overpriced .
you can get a caeser salad for $11; a burger with fries for $15.
we 're from nyc so those prices seem within line .
3. casino is bright and clean and slot machines seem new .
4. a lot of really great shells can be found on the beach .
one of the best beaches for shell collectors anywhere in the world .
the entire hotel is very romantic and beautiful at night .
it really shines then . . . the pools , the beach , etc .6.
gym staff is alert and attentive and friendly .
you can get free complimentary bottles of water , menthol - infused towels , and headphones .
gym equipment was great .
and like i said earlier , you can get more tv channels in the gym than you can in your hotel room .7.
business center with internet connected computers is free .
not a great deal i just got back last night 2/26 from the ritz san juan .
my husband travels to pr every other month and always stays at the ritz .
i am glad the company is paying because it is not wortht $300-500 a night .
the rooms are nice and grounds is very pretty but not for the price .
my husband and i travel to the caribbean 2 times a year and have stayed at far nicer places that are all - inclusive for the same price .
their continential breakfast is $17, that is crazy for a muffin and dry ceral with a little fruit .
coffee  juice is extra .
if you want a drink around the pool it will cost you $9-15.
i am so spoiled by the sandals resorts nothing compares .
while we were there the beach was so crowed we would pull our chairs off the property so we could breath . if you want to see a beautiful beach find a place in rincon and stay there not in san juan .
ok at the ritz we have stayed at this hotel approx .
4 times . once when going cruisin , once in the summer , half price and 2 times in the winter , once ocean view , to much money , no balaconies , and city view save 100.00 a night . all on the club floor best deal of all . wake up to bagels , coffee , fresh fruit , cereal , danish , srambled eggs , mimosas if you ask . lunch time petite sandwiches , usually one salad , soup etc . dinner time is very nice hors d 'oeuvres and wine , cocktails if you ask and champagne . cannot beat it . the
only downside i see is the hotel has no balaconies , the ocean water is not that blue like other islands , and the clientel is a mixture of vacationers and business people . to get away for a few nights is fine but if you had a week or more i think i would travel to a resort such as the ritz st .
thomas , beautiful property only lacking a beach or ritz jamaica also lacking a beach but more resort feeling . we were happy with service in the three hotels . good
not exactly five star just returned from a four night stay at the ritz san juan .
it was very nice but not the five - star service and accomodations that you would expect from a ritz .
all of the servers were very friendly , however .
it was difficult to find servers at the pool .
there is only one pool ( no adult pool ) and there are several loud children that tended to occupy the hot tub .
the hot tub is right near the beach and filled with 4 inches of sand at any given time .
not very clean at all .
we sat by the fountain at the pool and found it to be much quieter .
the most dissapointing aspect of the hotel was that it was not the caribbean outdoor resort that we expected .
the restaurant and lobby were not as open air as at other resorts in the caribbean and had a city hotel/convention facility feel to them .
this makes sense considering many meetings were taking place there and it is 5 minutes from the airport ( literally , planes take off and you can hear them over the beach at the hotel ) .
however , it was not what we expected when booking a getaway vacation .
the rooms were nice , although we did have some issues with getting housekeeping to make up our room one day - did not happen until 6 at night .
prime 787 was wonderful , and so was baru in old san juan .
puerto rico is a great place to visit , but this hotel/resort was not what we expected when booking at a ritz .
it was a nice trip , but i do not think we will be returning anytime soon .
ritz kids i have traveled the world and choose the best hotels and property availible in an area which i am satying .
this hotel has started a program which caters to children .
the club level experience felt like an elementary school cafeteria .
the pool was like public pool in the middle of summer not a ritz .
not worth the money ! ! i must admit that i would have given an extra star if it was not for the fact that i paid over $1,000/night for a small ( though nice ) room and everything else was overpriced as well .
i can afford it , but i felt dumb .
the pool and beach area is beautiful , the staff is friendly and helpful , the location is convenient ( though do not count on playing golf unless you commit the whole day to go back and forth ) .
the casino is definitely not even of three star quality : minimal credit is given for play , it is hot , and it is packed with locals playing for pennies .
all in all . . . the hotel was very nice , but i felt had !
do not be swayed overrated .
essentially , this is a sheraton/marriott with ritz prices .
while certainly nothing bad , this hotel does not rise to the level of expectation for something called a ritz carlton .
the rooms are nothing special , and the service is only adequate .
our sheets were not changed in our rooms , turn - down service was basically asking if we needed more towels , and all food service was slow .
again , there 's nothing ultimately wrong with that , but i certainly expect more when i pay ritz prices .
food is fine , but the pool bar uses a machine for the frozen drinks , not a blender .
which works , just not what i expect or necessarily prefer for what i pay .
the ritz in may my husband and i just returned from 4 days in puerto rico with 17 other people .
we were there for a work retreat and most of the group expressed their pleasure with the hotel .
we were greeted with a pina colada as we were checking in .
nice touch after an all day flight .
i inquired about upgrading to a room on the club level and was advised it was available for an additional $100 per night .
our upgraded room was small , and the view was such that we could not open our curtains all the way .
housekeeping was great and the room was very clean , but it did have a slight musty smell .
the upgrade included access to the club room which served four food offerings a day .
this included a deluxe continental breakfast , lunch , early evening cocktails and snacks , and a late evening cordial and sweet presentation .
we figured we saved well over the cost of the upgrade in choosing to eat in the club room .
all drinks , including champagne and hard alcohol were included .
the conceiege staff was amazing and we made sure to tip them well .
a previous review stated drinks were $10- $14 each .
this was true , and we avoided most of these charges by upgrading our room and drinking in the club room .
if you can afford to do this , you wo not be sorry .
puerto rico itself is not a typical tropical island .
it is very crowded and not the cleanist of cities . outside the hotel was a bit scary at night , and there really was not much in walking distance anyway .
we took a tour of the bacardi rum factory and old san juan .
both tours were fun and worth the money .
i had read all the reviews posted on this site a month before going to pr .
overall , they were fairly accurate .
the hotel was nice : not a five star hotel though , and the area was disappointing ; but we found fun things to do and had an enjoyable time .
i doubt i 'd ever return to puerto rico for a vaction , too many other islands that are much more beautiful .
mixed we just returned from a week 's stay beginning 4/16.
we are frequent ritz carlton vacationers so i do have a good basis for comparison .
some of my disappointments could have been avoided by doing a better job of assessing the whole san juan situation .
the ritz sits on the ocean and you can look out certain windows of the property and see the landing strip of the airport .
we never heard planes while inside our room but did hear them outside by the pool area .
the sound varied depending upon the traffic route .
i think i was expecting isla verde to be a little bit more like cancun - i knew it would have more of an urgan 'strip ' hotel feel but was really disappointed by the neighborhood the ritz is in .
tons of litter in areas outside the ritz , sidewalks not easily navigatable .
we walked to the el san juan and my 9 year old had to literally step over a drunk guy whose feet were sticking out of an alley .
( and this was 10 am ) i will never return to san juan , although it is convenient in terms of travel and timing .
the beach is not stellar .
it is not a 'walkable ' beach and the sand is brown and the water not clear .
just not a pretty beach .
this does not compare with other beaches we have been to .
the pool area was okay , but actually not as impressive as others .
there were always seats to be had , although the seats themselves are packed pretty tightly together and in rows .
i thought the water temperature in the pool was fine .
we had booked an executive suite at $975 a night .
our view was really high rise ( and often ) run down apartment buildings or other resorts .
the bedroom area was beautiful but the living room area was not as attractive .
only in picture and the rest bare walls .
a low level cabiner holding a tv , so that the top of the tv was no higher than the top of the coffee table .
why did not they just use the taller units that are found in the bedrooms .
the sofa can convert to a sofa bed , but was not comfortable at all if using as an actual sofa .
we asked to be switched and booked 2 adjoining oceanview rooms for a bit more money .
the front desk staff handled this very well .
however , when we checked out they had continued to charge us $975 plus $489 for the second room .
the king bedded room should have been $600.
this took a while to manually rectify at checkout .
our cleaning and turn down service was fabulous .
we also tip every day and i think that makes a big difference .
so i had no issues at all with the housekeeping staff .
i am really picky about restaurants - the food at prime 787 was wonderful and the service was really some of the best i have had .
it is expensive but really made our stay .
we ended up eating there 4 or 5 nights .
the service at the outside pool/beach bar was not good .
the bartenders were not that helpful or friendly .
often we would be there for opening at 10:30 am to get sodas etc and they would tell us they needed to find ice , could not open for another 20 minutes .
others said they got great service by attendants pool - side but we did not see much of that during our stay .
again , i am comparing this to other ritz properties .
the sushi was pretty good but the chinese food was really terrible .
outside bathrooms by the pool were dirty and not maintained throughout the day .
the spa was fabulous .
the only downside is there is no inside route to the spa , you have to leave the hotel and walk outside .
over 7 days of huge rain this became a bit annoying , but the service was outstanding .
great workout room and hourly exercise classes etc . .our son is 9 years old and although the ritz kids club is supposed to be for 5-12, the activities were not age appropriate .
the staff is delightful however .
so i think if your kids are younger they would love it .
our son did not want to go after the first morning .
when he went there was one first grader and two 3rd graders and when i arrived they were making paper native american head dresses .
my son thought that was a little 'baby - ish . '
but i want to reiterate , the staff there was wonderful .
the casino was fun but people were not tripping over themselves to provide food or drinks .
through no fault of the staff at the ritz , we had horrible weather during our entire stay .
unusual amount of rain and flash flood warnings .
many times torrential down pours .
roads in old san juan were flooded .
you could not spend the afternoons by the pool or on the beach .
by the end of the stay the pool area became flooded and they had to close the pool entirely .
i think given the fact that the rain there was front page news and the forecast was projecting 8 or 9 straight days of rain , they could have tried to creatively come up with other activities .
keep in mind , noone wants to sightsee outside when it is thunder and lightening .
even employees were telling us to stay on property .
there was bingo and salsa dancing lessons but these are held inside the casino , so kids ca not join in .
there were also large groups of convention folks , who were traveling at rates of $200/night .
this created quite a bit of congestion in the breakfast dining room .
one morning we were told it would be a 20 minute wait for a table .
we went down the street to denny 's , lol .
all in all , there were some really outstanding features of the hotel , but others which were really sub - par .
i wo not return to this property again personally .
disappointing experience my husand and i recently spent three days at the san juan ritz carlton , begining with easter sunday , and were terribly disappointed with the hotel service , definetely not at par with other rc resorts .
the staff is polite but not eager to please .
had to request silverware on several occasions , while dining on very mediocre food , at the resort restaurants .
in general it was not a terrific experience and we would not recommend this resort .
also beware of the metropol restaurant across the street .
my husband became the recipient of a severe bacterial infestation after eating one of their fish preparations and pretty much spent his time between the bathroom and bed until the antibiotic he prescribed for himself , fortunately he is a physician , kicked in on tuesday when it was time to leave .
good to be home .
florida instead .
over stated just spent 5 days at the ritz san juan .
very nice staff , hotel is not a premier property .
i felt my room needed a face lift .
wall paper in bathrooms old and in need of change .
rooms very small .
hotel very expensive for what you get .
i would not recommend san juan if your looking for a great beach .
yes , you do hear the planes all day at the beach .
not a horrible problem , but you can hear them .
i would not stay there again .
i really was expecting more luxury than what i was charged .
had a great time , but . . . .
we just returned from the ritz ( aug .
7-12) .
the hotel was very nice and well kept .
the standard rooms are a little small .
in all the staff was very friendly and the service was great .
the only problem we had was that the wait staff was slow and seemed to be spread thin .
the meals and cocktails are overpriced !
i would not recommend families use this property .
the jet thrust noise is a bit loud when out on the beach .
i could not really hear it when in the hotel .
all in all , i think it is a great property but i would have a hard time paying more than $200- $300 a night during peak .
fine for a regular hotel , but not a ritz my husband and i went to the ritz in san juan for our 1st anniversary .
after staying at a four seasons for our honeymoon , the ritz has a lot to compete with .
we were lucky enough to get upgraded to what they call a jr . suite , which is merely a larger room (600 sq ft ) .
we peaked in the regular rooms and they are small .
in the jr . suite the bathroom is nice and large w/ a shower stall separate from the tub ( which i happen to prefer ) , but the stall is so small you can hardly move .
very bad planning for a ritz .
also , the rooms are very dark .
the rest of the hotel is nice , but i did notice little things that seemed worn out and needed to be refurbished .
not at all what i would expect of a ritz .
for example , in the caribean grill - the seats are stained and mismatched furniture .
the food on the breakfast buffet is not readily re - served , as needed .
my absolute biggest problem was the service .
the people that work there are all nice , but in a completely different world seem  to miss everything obvious .
there will be 5 towel people standing around doing nothing and three waitresses for the whole pool who you never see .
the pool area was not kept clean at all .
i heard people complain to one manager who apologized and said they were understaffed .
then i complained to two other managers who were nice and receptive , but never did anything to make it better .
after all the complaints i heard from other people , i was surprised that these two managers appeared to be so shocked at my complaints about the service .
apparently , they have not read the other comments on this website - maybe that would give them a clue .
for example , i complained to one manager at 10 am about the pool service and she said she would take care of it right away .
i then complained to another manager and had the same response .
by the end of the day the dirty towels , empty bottles , etc . were still there and never cleaned up .
one time during our stay when i actually did see someone w/ a broom by the pool , she walked right by a large empty water bottle and empty bag of chips - completely oblivioius .
in the restaurant , we 'd be there early in the morning when it was empty .
i would sit there w/ my hand raised for 5-10 minutes before someone actually noticed i needed something .
complete oblivion .
i 'd go back in the off - season again since the rates are cheaper and you wo not feel as if you wasted a lot of money .
i ca not even imagine how they could handle the large crowds at christmas - and i certainly would not pay $500/night to stay there during peak season .
sweet staff , lots of little kids the lowdown : this place is huge .
it 's a little overwhelming , actually .
there are a two or three shallow swimming pools ( no deep ends ) and then a water park consisting of three slides and a lazy river for an additional fee .
to get to the beach , you need to wait for the ferry that will take you on a 10 minute ride to a private island that is owned by the hotel .
it is open from 9 to 5 and has one restaurant that serves bar food for lunch .
to get to the ferry , you need to take an elevator down to a funicular ride , and hope you 've timed it so that the ferry is not just pulling away as you get there .
all of this means that from slapping on your bikini to flopping on your towel could take you an hour . the good : the staff was fantastically friendly .
the food was pretty good .
try the key lime pie , it 's to die for , in fact , i ordered it via room service at midnight , and it arrived so promptly .
the views are amazing !
the water park is fun , and a neat addition .
there are tons of activities to do on the premises ( kayaking , snorkeling , scuba diving , ocean swimming , pool swimming , nightly movies , jet skis , banana boats , golf , tennis , etc . ) and the front desk can hook you up with other tours nearby .
the beach island has iguanas , rabbits , tiny lizards and roosters .
there is also a horse tour that looked fun , although i did not go .
the hiking is great , too , so if you 're with people who lay around on the beach but you really want to get up and go , you can do both without having to separate all day long .
that 's pretty nice .
the water is clean and clear , but there is sharp coral that bruised my feet .
it 's fun to collect though .
i also found a conch in it 's shell , and that was cool ( be careful ; one of the locals wandered over as i was showing a group of kids how cool our new friend was and talked about how she was going to use it when i was finished for soup .
i set him free when she was not looking , to the delight of the little kids who were sad when she talked about cooking him and when her boyfriend talked about eating him raw . )
my niece saw a manatee ( we are all still jealous we missed it ) , and our whole family was greeted by a humming bird flitting around the bush we were sitting by .
the bad : even thought the hotel was not crowded , service in the restaurants and on the hotel 's beach island was beyond slow .
in the italian restaurant we waited over an hour before our appetizers arrived , and i watched other people leave in disgust after waiting so long .
we had a bad experience with our biolumninescent tour ; it was nearly a mile of kayacking and was nearly impossible for my 60 something mother in law and 9 year old nephew to keep up with , even though we were told it was appropriate for all ages .
everyone in between ( my husband and i , 26, and 27 and his siblings and older nieces and nephews ) were just fine , as were all the other people in our group who were in the 16-50 range .
this tour was booked through the hotel for $90 per person , but if you just go to the docks where they leave from , you can book on the spot for around $45.
there are several companies that offer tours of this really cool glow - in - the - dark bay , so if you are a small group , this is probably a good option .
( go out the small white gate by where you catch the ferry , past the apartments , through a kind of sketchy area that just looks abandoned but is totally fine ; there are parked cars , and just walk a bit .
you 'll stumble across several tourists snapping into life vests getting ready to go around 6, 6:30 and later .
check out those bioluminescent waters .
it 's pretty awesome . )the
worst for me was the hottubs , which we nicknamed bubble tubs because they were not hot at all .
it was pretty disappointing .
the water park is an extra charge , which is ridiculous considering what it is and what you 're paying for everything else .
it would be nice if it was free .
there 's plenty of room for adults to lounge pool side at the water park and there is a large shallow pool for the tiny kiddos , with a tiny kiddo waterslide , too .
it would be great to get the families there and have the pools and hot tubs consisting of mostly adults .
( we have a theory they kept the hot tubs so cool to be kid - friendly ) .the place is large which is cool , but i found this to be overwhelming and annoying , too .
it was also overrun with little kids ( the week between christmas and new years , though , means little kids everywhere . )
we were a group aged 9 - 65 ( ten of us ) , but i think we still would have preferred an older crowd .
fun in the sun enjoyed our stay at the el conquestador !
the hotel is secluded on the other side of the island , so expect an hour drive !
it is set on top of a cliff , so the beaches are a boat ride away !
the beach ride was actually a new experience for us and we did enjoy the beach one and they do have a bar ! : ) our stay was during the most recent hurricane , which actually missed the island , so it was not crowded due to cancellations from the storm !
the pools were warm and the weather was absolutely beautiful !
lots of hot tubs as well !
the service was good , not great , but i 'd hate to see it if the hotel was filled to capacity ! also , this is not an all - inclusive hotel , so remember to bring your wallet !
the restaurant overlooking the pool was great for lunch and a quick dinner and the steak restaurant was fantastic , but pricey !
they have two workout facilities , one in the spa and one on the cliff .
pay the $25.00 and use the spa workout facility as the one on the cliff is horrible !
the golf course was beautiful and required some skill !
my husband and i have stayed at a dozen resorts over the last 15 years and we would not go back to this particular resort .
we truly enjoy the hospitality of mexico or jamaica over puerto rico .
do not honor phone reservations prices i was already on my vacation and called to book my reservation .
i talked to a very nice man that helped me out .
he told me i was to get a $50.00 resort credit due to us staying for at least 3 nights , it was a summer escape offer .
i did not know about this offer before calling he told me about it .
we had a great stay at the hotel ! ! ! upon returning home and carefully reviewing by bill i noticed i never got the $50.00 resort credit so i called today august 21 to complain .
their answer to me was the room was at best available rate . . . . . .
they have no record of this offer .
i gave them the name of the man i talked to .
its not the $50.00 ( i spent a fortune at the hotel ) , its the fact that i was told a price and the hotel is not honoring it .
come on el con you can do better we have just returned from a week at the el conquistador .
the hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such an incredible location before .
plenty of things to keep the whole family busy , from the beach on a private island , kayaking to a smaller pristine island , the water park and the great hotel pools .
i disagree with those that felt the hotel is in disrepair .
it 's a family resort , the rooms were clean confortable and nicely air conditioned considering the august heat .
the public areas were nicely kept and service was very kind considering there was a mix up with our rooms and agreed to accomodate in any way possible .
we booked the water package plan which allowed us access to the water park all day , buffet breakfast and airport shuttle .
in relation to the cost of the room per night the packages was a good deal .
sounds good right !
i will have a hard time recommending this place without emphasizing the biggest fault .
there is something wrong with a place where starbucks is a bargain .
what are they thinking ?
fifteen bucks for a cold hamburger ?
eighteen dollars for frozen pizza ?
thirty dollars for a half filled pasta dish that would have serious competition from a chain restaurant .
come on el con it is apparent that you guys do not work on repeat business .
the cost of the food is excessive but the shame of it if they want to be a first class operation , do something about the quality of the food .
gourmet prices at run of the house quality .
blossoms was only passable .
othello was a disgrace to be called italian .
the outdoor cafe and the the bally hoo at the marina should consider only selling drinks .
breakfast at las brisas was a pleasant surprise and although at $25.00 per person if not included in a package , well worth the cost considering the quality and quantity of the food .
therefore pick your poison .
a really great place with poor food .
not for beach lovers we stayed at this resort for four nights in june .
myself , husband  15 year old daughter . pros : beautiful views from most areas of the resort ; lots of shopping , dining , activities .
especially liked the godiva chocolate shop - it made for a great dessert stop in the evenings .
the rooms are large , recently renovated , well - equipped .
las brisas breakfast buffet was excellent and the view fantastic !
we also ate at the italian and japanese tepanyaki restaurants - both were very good , although expensive .
food at iguana 's on palomino island was just average , but it came quickly even when they were very busy .
service in general was good - friendly , helpful employees .
lastly , we thought the cocqui waterpark area was beautiful .
there is an infinity edge pool right near the ocean that we really liked .
much nicer than the pools in the main part of the resort .
even though there were lots of kids around , it seemed more peaceful .
rides were limited , but fun .
i would definitely recommend it , especially for those with younger children .
cons : of course , very expensive , but we expected that .
i do not feel we got too bad a deal because we did an american express package that included 1 free night , breakfast for two each morning  one - day cocqui waterpark passes for each of us .
we also stopped  bought some food  beer , wine , etc , so that we would not always be buying the $10 drinks .
( which were very good , by the way , especially on palomino island . )the
poor quality of the pools  beach areas were my main objection .
be aware that the main pool areas are very shallow ( like 3-4 feet ) , so not very good for adults to swim in .
the water was also very warm  a bit cloudy .
having a pool at home - i know what it means when the water gets cloudy - something 's growing in there that you do not want !
also , there were areas where the columns  tile around the pool areas were crumbling .
bit surprising considering how nicely maintained the rooms were .
there were two hot tubs - but one was not heated at all .
oh - and if you have any physical disabilities - do not stay here - for some reason , they ca not seem to keep the elevators in working order .
biggest negative was palomino island - it 's fine if you just want to sit in the chair  enjoy the scenery .
however , almost no swimmable areas , lots of rock  seagrass as others have said .
i 've been to lots of other caribbean resorts that dredge out swimming areas - for what this resort charges - they could afford to do that .
we are also into snorkeling  found that to be poor .
we also wanted to rent waverunners ? ? but the rental stand was never staffed .
and you can?? walk around the island coastline very far , either .
it?? mostly rocky along the shore except for the one beach area .
the resort has really only developed a small area of the island , the rest is undeveloped scrub brush .
last negative - it is rather isolated - this did not bother us for the first three days - there 's enough to do for that long , but by the 4th day my daughter  i were ready to go somewhere a little more lively .
the only evening entertainment is dining  the casino . to sum up ? ? if you??e looking for an upscale caribbean resort similar to what you would find on other islands ? ? like bahamas or virgin islands ? ? this won?? compare .
we went because we wanted to hike the rain forest  swim in the biobay ( both excellent , by the way ! ) .
but if you??e looking for a beach vacation , this isn?? it .
lovely , but needs to be freshened up !
we stayed here 2 nights and noticed a few things .
while the hotel is amazing and the property could not be nicer the hotel could use some painting , some areas are really just looking not so fresh . our room was lovely but the floor was not clean when we checked in .
we called housekeeping and they came immediately .
that was great . the hotel staff was wonderful , we spoke with a lovely woman in one of the shops who gave us some great advice on the local food .
also one of the concerige , was lovely too .
liked the el conquistador we just retured from a family vacation at the el conquistador . in
puerto rico .
while we had some initial difficulty with the room we requested , the staff more than made up for it by immediately switching us to a more appropriate room .
i have to say that the hotelseemed a little run down in places , but overall it was a beautiful setting and the staff could not have been nicer and accomodating to our every need .
the one thing that was tough was evening activities , especially with kids in the 12-17 years range .
outside of dinner , there is not a lot to do for them .
the water parks closed early , but it was really fun .
the beach was phenomena , but again , it closed early .
the restaurants were very overpriced for the quality of the food , although ballyhoo 's seemed to be the best deal . .
all in all , we had a great time 
beautiful but overpriced my boyfriend and i stayed here for four nights in may based upon a recommendation of a friend .
i read the reviews about the hotel being overpriced but since i was able to find a deal on their website through amex ( buy 3 nights , get the fourth free ) we decided to go .
overall , my impression is mixed .
on the positive side , we had a beautiful room .
it was an ocean view , in the new wing in the main building .
the hotel itself was beautiful , we enjoyed the pools and the food was good ( even though it was ridiculously overpriced ) .
also , if you come here to play golf , the courses looked amazing .
additionally , i think that if we had kids with us , this would also be a nice self - contained , fun and safe place to stay for a family .
the bad things are the parking ( $15 day for self - park inconveniently located 10 minutes away from the hotel ) , the 14% resort fee to allegedly pay for the catamaran that takes you to palomino island .
also , the area around the resort is not great so you are pretty isolated here and should just plan to enjoy your evenings in the resort and pay high prices for dinner .
i think that we enjoyed our stay because we had already stayed in san juan and culebra during our trip so we did not feel like we were missing out on other areas of the island .
i would not be happy had we just stayed here and nowhere else in puerto rico because there was nothing puerto rican about this place .
the hotel is close to the yunque rainforest which we visited with our rental car ( we heard that the resort overcharges for their tours so if you want to do this , get your own car and drive there yourself ) .
in fact , the hotel also overcharges for their airport shuttle so you may as well get a rental car at the airport so you have the ability to go sightseeing or buy groceries !
the rental car may cost you the same as their airport shuttle !
we also were able to take the bio - bay tour one night at vieques island with east island excursions and that was fantastic ( book this directly with east island and not through the hotel ) !
it was ok , not worth the price we just returned from staying at the el conquistador , from 4/23/08-4/28/08.
there were 11 of us , celebrating my in - laws ' 50th wedding anniversary .
ages ranged from 4 - 78 years old .
while our stay was enjoyable , we would not stay there again .
the rooms were expensive , the food prices were outrageous , as was the price of other items ( i ran out of sunscreen , went to buy 2 small bottles , but the total was $32, so i left them there ) .
we were prepared for the prices , but for that kind of money , the hotel and the service should be impeccable .
we chose rooms in the marina area , so we could be close to the water park and the boat to palomino island .
the location was convenient , and the kids had a great time at the water park .
however , the rooms look much more luxurious in the photographs .
i was not impressed when we saw them in person .
out of our 3 rooms , 2 of the balconies were so small , that you barely had room for your feet once you sat in your chair !
travelling on the funicular to reach the main portion of the hotel did get a little old after a while , but it was made worse by the fact that one or the other cars on the funicular was not operational about 25% of the time .
we also found palomino island to be a great disappointment .
the beach area was not what we expected , and once you go in the water , the sand mostly disappears and you have very rough and sharp coral under your feet .
we needed to buy water shoes , at $20 a pair .
and the staff on the island mostly had the attitude that we were bothering them , from the woman selling the water shoes , to the 3 guys renting the jet skis . the restaurant staff proved to be the biggest disappointment of all .
with sky - high prices , these people should be giving service to match .
not happening .
from the bar  grill at the marina to otello 's italian restaurant , to blossoms teppanyaki restaurant , we had one disappointment/aggravation after another .
from having to ask repeatedly for things like drinks for the kids ( which sometimes never came at all ) to waiting over an hour after being seated in blossoms before the chef showed up , to the maitre d ' in otello 's actualy being rude to my teenage daughter when she asked a question about a menu special he mentioned , i 've had better service at mcdonald 's .
do not get me wrong - the trip was not all bad .
the rooms were nice , the food in general was good , and we had a great time .
but we have travelled all over the world , and felt that this place definitely did not meet our expectations , or its price level .
good management could make this an outstanding hotel !
management needs to correct operations at this beautiful resort site .
the pricing reflects an upscale luxury property , but there are annoying gratuities added to each bill . the staff seems to operate at an 80% level and is indifferent to the guests ' needs .
for example , we tried to have breafast each am when they open at 7:00 am and yet , the waiters were still setting up instead of being ready to serve immediately . housekeeping never provided any turn down service in our room and we even had to kill our own large cockroach in the bathroom . on sunday one of the finiculars was not working . valet parking never cleaned our windows on the rental car . golden door prices were outrageous . el conquistador has a great location , a beautiful new water park and many choices of dining .
management needs to train all employees how to provide service and how to deal with the guests in a friendly , yet professional way .
in the end , one remembers the little things , not the huge golf course that is underutilized .
had a great time but . . . . well it took over an hour with traffic to get to the resort and we were a family of five and upon arrival we had to wait 40 minutes just to see someone at the desk .
granted it was a holiday but we were so tired from the long trip we just wanted to get in the room .
with that they tell us the only room they have is a king bed .
how ridiculous is that .
they gave us a double blow up mattress for the kids to sleep on .
food was great but expensive but we knew that going there .
went to palomino and water was beautiful and kids had fun .
asked for blanket for blow up bed for two days before we finally got it on the third day .
was upset about that since my daughter was cold , i actually had to call 4 times .
at one point they called my room at 2 in the morning to see if i had received it and i hadnt and was upset they woke me up .
also went to palomino to go horse back riding ( first come first serve ) my son went up to the desk and asked for reservation for 4 at 12. guy told him only had reservation for 4 at 2pm . then a woman walks up and says she has 6 and he opens up a 1 pm riding for her .
i confronted him and he tells me i cant please everyone .
are you kidding me ?
took too much work to get to everything which was okay since my kids were teenagers but if you have small ones i wouldnt recommend coming here .
if you ask me to go to the carribean again i wouldnt go to puerto rico i would go to the bahamas and stay at the atlantis it is much easier to get to and they dont charge you extra for the water park which is only three rides .
service was great at the restaurants but housekeeping was horrible .
not a beach vacation this is not a hotel for someone who wants a beach experience .
there are two problems with going to the beach here : 1) you have to walk a long way through the hotel , go down a cable car ( funicular ) , board a boat and be taken to a separate island 2) the hotel has expanded drastically in recent years and there is not enough beach space to accommodate all the guests .
we spent a week at the hotel during the recent winter break holiday .
the staff was very kind and accommodating but they could not make up for a facility that was overwhelmed by the sheer number of guests .
the hotel has added on hundreds of rooms in the last few years but they have not been able to expand the swimming , boating , snorkeling or restaurant facilities to keep up with all the guests .
in addition , the newer , nicer area where we stayed , ( las casitas ) is that much further from the main restaurants , beach facilities etc .
one day we came back from the beach by one of the later boats , had a half hour wait for the funicular to get up to the hotel and then a 20 minute walk to our room .
it took over an hour from the time i left the beach till i was sitting in my room . i also caution people against using the hotel 's tour company to kayak into the bioluminescent bay .
it is a wonderful sight and there were many other , better organized tour groups out at the same time as ours .
the hotel 's tour guides went ahead with the faster people in our group and left me with my 10 year old son to find the way to the bay by ourselves .
we were alone in the water at night , could not see the way to go and were afraid to turn back .
it was a very unpleasant experience . my husband enjoyed the golf course very much and was able to get tee times quite easily .
my son had tennis lessons from a very good teaching pro .
we found that the food was outrageously expensive and generally mediocre .
we had rented a car and after a few days used it to go out for dinner every night .
we discovered numerous restaurants right by the hotel serving terrific food .
i particularly recommend estacion , which cooks everything on an outdoor grill .
el conquistador just returned last night from a 4 night sisters long weekend .
overall we had a wonderful time but will not return .
we left the husbands and kids at home so had little to complain about but by the end of our trip we were complaining .
we knew fully well that the resort was expensive and that they charged for every little thing but by the last day i just felt i was getting taken advantage of .
it all ended with a $65 charge for a two hour extended check - out .
the food at the independent restaurants was amazing .
we ate at the stingray cafe at the marina and it was great .
we had sushi at the bar at blossoms one night and it was fabulous and very reasonable .
the striphouse was very dark and we almost fell asleep ( maybe too much rum ) but very good food .
we did not eat at otello 's but it look very nice .
the food at the restaurants owned by the hotel were pretty bad .
iguana 's on palamino is aweful and it 's your only choice .
palamino island is nice .
great beach but you can only walk so far and have to turn around .
snorkeling was not great .
if you want to go to the beach it 's your only option .
the first day it was great and taking the high speed catamaran was awesome !
by the last day it was a total pain .
it would have been so nice to be able to walk to the beach , go back to your room if you wanted , or switch to the pool in a matter of minutes .
the island also closes at 5:30 so you have not choice but to come back to the resort . if you are someone who loves the late afternoon sun to read and nap find another resort .
the sun goes behind the mountain at 5:15pm ( at least in feb . ) so it 's not an option .
the swim up bar is nice but would be so better if it was in the sun at cocktail hour . the resort caters to large conventions .
mtv had their sales meeting when we were there and if they had an event the rest of the hotel guests suffered .
they closed the pool bar and blocked off areas .
i like to sleep with the balcony door open at night to hear the frogs and the palm trees in the breeze .
all we heard was scraping tables and chairs as they were cleaning up from the functions for mtv .
we also had a fire alarm at 5am one morning . ok , enough compaining .
we had a wonderful time together and the resort is a great place for couples and girls weekend .
i do not recommend the resort to singles or famileis with small kids .
our kids ages 3-8 would much prefer an all - inclusive .
pbj 's were $9 and they would have died walking this huge resort .
if you do go have a great time and bring lots of money !
decent vacation the el con was decent and a nice vacation but not perfect .
we chose pr because we did not have our passports back from getting renewed .
the el con 's reviews were all over the place but we thought it would be better than staying home .
here is what we found : september travel is dead .
i cannot imagine being at the el con when it is high season as the service is average when we were the only ones there .
the plus side was we never waited for a table and had our choice of poolside chairs etc . . .
the downside is that we were bored . food - yep , believe what you read .
it is expensive .
plan for it .
was it outlandish ?
did it ruin our stay ?
the pizza by the pool was good and big enough to split .
the japanese restaurant was excellent and worth the price .
we ate at the bar by the marina several times and got salads .
the view and the atmosphere was great and the salads were reasonably priced .
we did discover that the hotel store had lots of snacks and drinks ( including beer and wine ) for pretty cheap so we bought our drinks there and had heavy snacks for lunch .
we even took our beers to the pool and the island .
probably not supposed to do that but they do sell it so . . .
we spent a total of $969 for 2 people for food for 5 days .
not out of line for most resorts really .
we did check the little restaurants outside of the resort ( short walk from the marina entrance ) and would not recommend them .
very dirty with stray dogs running around .
brunch at las brisas was fantastic and enough to tide us over through dinner so the $25 was pricey but worth it . pools - one pool was closed for construction .
the other pools all connect to each other in the same place so it really is just one big pool .
there were lots of little kids at the pool and it was very loud and not relaxing .
these kids were not staying at the hotel which was disappointing especially since they were disruptive .
not a great pool experience unless you are there with kids ( which we were not ) .the room - we did book the new las brisas wing and are glad we did .
the room was nicely redone with a large bathroom and good size closet .
the older rooms were very old and musty - we peeked .
the walls in the new section still had paint peeling in spots .
the renovation was cosmetic and not a total rehaul .
the room was clean enough and well appointed but nothing special .
the halls were not vacummed daily which was unacceptable to us .
when we called needing service in our room ( ac not working , clock set at wrong time , dvd player not working ) , it was several hours before anyone came and several reminder phonecalls .
we did go over to check out las casitas villas and they were very nice .
they have their own pool , restaurant and pool bar .
it is very private and much nicer - wish we had stayed there .
it is a bit off the beaten path but golf carts take those guests to the main hotel if desired .
the walk was actually nice though . the island - the best part of our stay and well worth the trip ! ! ! palomino island was amazing and beautiful !
the short ferry ride was relaxing and fun .
the chairs are many and the huts keep you shaded if you wish .
the shoreline is small for beach walking but still calm and fun - just do it a couple of times .
the water was clean and warm .
it was very peaceful at the beach with a great breeze .
we went every day and loved it !
it is truly paradise and a nice break from the world .
you get lost in it !
they do have a small bar and snack hut ( the big restaurant was closed ) so we couild get drinks and food , but of course we brought our own from the little store in the hotel .
spa - expensive , very expensive .
my massage was $215 for 90 minutes - more than double what i pay in the states , however , it was definitely the best massage i have had ( and i have had many ) so it was well worth it .
what is a vacation without a little pampering ? nightlife - there was not any .
the casino was open and busy each night , mostly with locals , not hotel goers .
we won enough money to buy ice cream but nothing spectacular .
there was no live music and the disco did not open unitl midnight - by then we were too tired to mess with it .
after dinner we just putzed around and usually had a drink at the marina bar and watched a movie in our room . bottom line : the property was beautifully built into the mountain and the views were spectacular .
the staff were friendly but not overly accomodating .
they were not rude but did not wow us with good service .
we did not play golf but those who did commented that the course was great and the views again amazing .
the funicular was fun and we enjoyed the mountain view so much that we are glad we did not stay at the marina .
the property is spread out , but not so much that is was hard to navigate .
there were not any good walking trails on the property so we resorted to the workout room which was fine - basic machines but all were new and in good shape .
food pricey but yummy .
same with the spa .
the overall experience was average but not disappointing .
we would not go back , but are not upset that we spent our vacation there this year . note : the water park was under construction and is set to open soon .
if you are travelling with kids , this may be a real attraction to you , although it will really max the space available and service level .
if you are travelling without kids , stay away from el con .
it is not a great adult getaway as is and with the waterpark addition , will most likely resemble disney , especially if it is open to the locals .
stayed in the hotel and the villas i took my family to the el conquistador last year .
we went at the end of president 's week in february , when many schools are closed in the northeast .
since my little guy is too young for school , we went thursday to thursday .
as a result , we were unable to get into the villas until saturday .
so i can write about the experience of being in the el conquistador as a hotel guest , and also as a guest in the villas , which are attached .
the hotel . .a new wing was under construction , and the existing one 's rooms were somewhat tired .
we all came down with something like the norwalk virus , so we were grateful that the staff happily brought us towels , new sheets , etc . in the middle of the night . so we did not explore much at first . . . then we moved to the villas , and wow are they great !
a good kitchen , a nice living room , even made us sick - folk comfortable . once we recovered , we began to explore .
the boat ride to the island for beaching is quick , and lots of fun for my little guy .
the island itself has natives : iguanas and chickens , along with the snack bars and rentals .
close by is the el yunque rainforest , good hiking , even some tame enough for 3 year olds . we loved the villas ( although they are not a bargain ) and would go again , but avoiding president 's week is my preference . . .
3 star hotel on a 5 star piece of real estate the el con is a 3 star hotel located on a 5 star piece of property with 2 star guests .
we stayed one week from july 31st and got a great deal on hotwire so i cannot complain about the room rate .
then we were upgraded to a beautiful oceanfront room with a terrace or balcony that was at least 12 feet by 13 feet and had breathtaking and ever changing views .
the room had not yet been updated but we found it very clean and appreciated the dvd player , coffee pot ( with free coffee ) and mini fridge .
the safe was big enough to hold a laptop plus other items .
there were no robes and no turn down service than one comes to expect in most 4 star hotels .
contrary to many of the reviews we did not find anything missing from our room , all staff were always nice , polite and friendly and the two small complaints we had were corrected by maintenance within half an hour .
we found our bill to be correct but had saved all receipts as a precaution . fortunately and based on information we had read in previous reviews we rented a car at the airport for the duration of the trip .
we used the self parking which cost $15.00 plus tax per day but was well worth it as it allowed us to do all our sightseeing and exploring on our own along with many outings for meals .
we bought our own breakfast supplies and ate on our terrace each morning .
we even went to town to the blockbuster and rented movies . the private island is spectacular and some of the food is cheaper there than at the hotel , a fact which made no sense to us .
jet skis $110 per hour , double kayaks $38.00 per hour .
mask and fins and snorkel $15.00 just to give you a reference for rental rates .
they also had sailboats , horseback riding and a sort of mini - put .
the snorkelling was great about 200 ft off shore but we had to laugh as most guests stayed within 30 or 40 feet where there was absolutely nothing to see but the odd stray fish .
the ferry could use a schedule and the funicular must become a huge problem when the hotel is full but was fine during our stay .
we found two major problems for us at this hotel .
the first , being the cost of everything .
the cheapest bottle of wine on any menu is $40 but once you add tax and tip you are closer to $50.
a hotdog and fries is $10 of course you still have tax and tip .
beer is $6 and drinks range from $8 to $14, again you must add tax and tip .
everybody we spoke to at the hotel felt it was pushed over the top and most were consuming all kinds food and drink in their rooms to avoid the excessive charges .
we enjoyed a meal in the chinese restaurant $60.00 for 2 with no drinks and the italian at $75.00 for 2 with no drinks or wine .
both restaurants gave us excellent service and above average food .
we also shared a pizza one night by the pool which came to $22 and was really good . the second problem was the other clients , the hotel was overrun with huge noisy families that had little or no concern in displaying the respect that a resort of this calibre should deserve .
one previous reviewer referred to them as ??ay - trippers? ? but in fact most of them are staying at the hotel using a special non - advertised puerto rican off season rate .
we witnessed guest behaviour that you might expect at a super 8 motel but not at an upscale resort .
guests often stayed in the pools with lots of hollering , horsing around and screaming and crying till past midnight .
because off the cheap room rate we were paying it was easy for us to overlook these issues .
if i was paying top dollar i would have been really disappointed in my stay .
the best tip i also found in one of these reviews was to leave the hotel on foot by walking past the gate at the marina .
within 5 minutes you will come to a small fishing village with many little bars and restaurants .
the road is well lit so even if you come back late it felt reasonably safe .
local beer was $1.50 and although we didn?? eat , some of the plates we saw go by looked pretty good .
this is also where the trips to the bio bay leave from .
you can book directly from one of the operators here . i would stay here again if the rate was good but only with a car .
we spoke with one large family that called it alkatraz because they felt so trapped and ripped off .
thanks to all those that posted before we had a great trip and were able to enjoy this hotel without a huge bill . lastly , the internet cafe was broken during the entire week we were there .
i got the impression it had not worked in a while .
bueatiful but overpriced rooms were old .
worn carpet , bad tiles and old furniture .
the rooms were definately not worth the cost .
no hot water in the mornings , all four days we were there .
peeling paint in the bathroom and stained floor tiles made a very bad presentation for such a pricey resort . staff was accomadating , friendly and spoke english . hotel lobby is in good condition but resturaunts were extremely overpriced for quality of food and service .
all meals i had were poorly prepared , over cooked and most using very inexpensive ingredients .
at $70.00 dollars , lunch for two , $60.00 breakfast for two and at least $100.00 dinner for two .
i had the absolute worse eggs benedict i have ever eaten in my life for $60.00 service for two .
if you go to this hotel , eat somewhere else . the views overall were very nice and the hotel offers tours , etc .
the location of the hotel demands a car rental or you will be stuck with what they offer there .
it is a long walk to anywhere once you leave the hotel lobby .
fajardo is a 4 mile walk .
although you would expect a beachfront due to the availability of full ocean view rooms , the only beach has to be accessed by ferry but in all fairness , guests could see the ocean .
all in all , this hotel is not worth the money and you will not see the real puerto rico while staying here .
nowhere deserving of 5 stars ; not in four seasons or ritz league at all well - when we saw the lxr marketing materials we were pumped for a high - end family vacation without needing to get the kids passports .
we like nice - and have vacationed at some of the carribean 's best like little dix bay , cap jaluca , four seasons and more .
we expected with the lxr ownership that the bad reviews on trip advisor would be history . thankfully , there was no sign of mold nor dirty rooms .
unfortunately , service was ordinary and basic - not five star quality by any means .
imagine our disappointment to learn that the updated las brisas rooms that we 'd been begging for every two weeks since making the reservation were all taken up by a company 's national sales meeting .
we saw these sales people everywhere we went , taking all the pool cabanas , all the barstools .
and imagine our surprise to see another major company digging up the beach for their team build meeting .
if i 'd known this would be such a corporate trip we 'd have gone to st john and likely will next time . do not get me started on cost of goods .
it was an event worth crying over when the wind knocked over my $9 mai tai on the beach .
: ( the breakfast buffet was $25 a head for adults/$11 for kids - with 2 kids and tip that 's more than $75/day just on breakfast !
and my new sandals gave me blisters but no one at the front desk could find me a band aid . highlights : the ferry to the island ; strip house bar service , food and drinks ; the italian restaurant , particularly the awesome service ; golden door spa - especially juan who improvised a class when the regular instructor was a no show .
resort is pricey and lousy but location is simply awesome we stayed at the el conquestador during 1st week of feb .
it was a company sponsored trip so i did not really have to worry about the expenses but sometimes i felt that this is such a rip off .1)
resort itself is old , it is painted but the furnishing are outdated and dirty .
i would never pay for such lousy rooms myself .2) location is awesome , picturesque views of the carribean , private island is amazing .
3) staff was friendly , no problems with that , they did mess up our bills but after persistent calling they fixed that .4)
food : food in the resort is aweful and pricey , my suggetion is to get a car and eat outside , local food is really good but you wo not get served that in the resort .
you ca not walk out of the resort to get something to eat , there is nothing there .
you would need to drive , by eating outside you might be able to save the amount you pay for the car rental .
5) transport : the transportation is very limited and pricey , plan your trip so can rent a car .
it will allow you to explore better parts of the island , if you are there only for 2-3 days , you could just spend that on the resort .
or rent a car for part of your stay .
book in advance .6)
things to do - palomino island : jet ski and other water sports , the island is beautiful and you get drinks and food served to your place .
one word : paradise . -
rainforestwe took the rainforest tour , it 's a half day tour and you can get the shuttle from hotel , it is pretty nice , if you have time you should go there yourself and do some trekking .
i would have loved to spend more time in the rainforest , the tour was short . -
san juanwe rented a car from avis ( avis members get 20% discount ) and drove to san juan , you can get directions to the city from conceirge .
it 's beautiful place , very good food , touristy , the forts are nice too .
you can spend a day there , it does get a little tiring walking across the city .
take your sunscreen and water with you .
you can buy your souveniours from there . -
kayakingwe did the kayaking night tour , you have to kayak in the night for around a mile through marshes , and you can get to the bioluminiscnce bay .
it 's not adventurous but a fun event . -spamy
wife just loved the spa , it 's very nice , must do on your vacation . in summar spend as much of your time outside of your room as possible .
luck of the draw this is an absolutely beautiful property , with stunning views and an impressive array of amenities .
we had a wonderful time .
i would attribute this to the fact that we were not paying for anything ( this was a corporate award trip ) and that our group had an on - site meeting planner who dealt with any potential pitfalls and kept us blissfully ingnorant .
while our room was not yet renovated , it did have a spectacular view of the caribean and was comfortably close to everything we needed , including the spa .
it was clean enough , though not pristine , not 5 star but perfectly acceptable .
the hotel was supposed to be at 100% capacity , which concerned me upon check in - but the resort is so huge , you really do not feel like you 're in a crowd at any time .
the only thing we waited for was the funicular to get to the ferry .
this was not ever any more than 5 minutes - no problem .
the spa is wonderful , not the best , but good and clean with wonderful attendants .
food is good , again , not 5 star but resort quality with one notable exception . . .
strip house is at least as good as most fine steak houses in ny or chicago and the prices are similar ( very high ) but worth a trip upstairs .
the decor is stunning .
overall , we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves .
now , the warnings : a couple in our group did experience bed bugs and the type of nonchalant service described by other reviewers .
they were shuffled from one disgusting , dirty room to another for two days and missed a couple of night 's sleep .
another member of our party had jewelery stolen from a locked in - room safe .
not cool at all .
still others confided that their rooms were dirty , buggy , moldy , had holes in the walls or ceilings or were loud at night .
personally , i really enjoyed the natural sound of the tiny frogs and exotic birds at night . overall , i think it 's really the luck of the draw at the el con .
we got lucky and are very thankful .
others , had a very unfortunate experience .
in addition , the prices for food and services here are positively criminal .
we enjoyed a six pack of coors light on the beach at palomino island for $36 plus tip .
breakfast buffet for two with taxes and tip ( no alcohol ) was $63.
lunch ( hot dog and quesadilla with two beers ) was over $70.
a private cabanna at the pool is $214 per day , 50 minute massage $150 plus taxes and tip .
on my own dime , i 'll choose another lovely resort in the caribbean .
this place really seems to have captured the market on corporate award trips and is priced accordingly .
beautiful rooms expensive meals i read numerous reviews about this hotel over the past number of weeks in anticiapation of my visit and found myself quite anxious of what i would expect .
the pictures of mouldy floors and worn carpet were a bit scary .
happily , these reviews were either old or in a part of the resort i did not see .
my room was overlooking the ocean and was both comfortable and clean .
the staff for the most part were friendly ( i had an argument with a bartender who would not make me a mojito ! )
my only problem with this resort is that the prices charged are ridculously inflated .
be prepared for the $18 hamburger w fries ( served on a plastic plate ) $8 bottle of water and $6 for a small beer .
all in all , this resort is a nice place to visit but i would not consider it to provide value for money spent .
will be great when renovated we stayed at the resort feb 20th to 25th .
overall the site is beautifull .
the service was quite good .
the island is very nice .
the golf course is very nice .
it is obvious that there is a lot of money being spent on renovating and upgrading the property .
they are even putting in a water park .
however , the reno 's are where we ran into problems .
after our first night there we were greeted very early in the morning with the sound of workmen going about their business .
the hotel did move us and the noise level was much more acceptable .
we also found our bill to be exceptionally high for food , drinks and spa . (
my wife went for a massage and facial and her bill was over $300 us plus an automatic 15% tip added .
) it is a very nice spot and if you are not on a budget it is a resort worth visiting 
a decent stay just came back from one week at the hotel and in summary , it was ok .
we paid $200 ( a special return rate ) a night for a tennis court view room which i think was over priced for the stay .
this is definitely like staying at a lower end hyatt or hilton .
and unfortunately , there are more cons that pros .
pros : shuttle bus to hotel is convinenient and easy to find at the airport ( although this was $60 pp rt ) ; staff is very nice ; pool is great especially for small kids ; views from pool over the caribbean are spectacularcons : food is over priced and quite average .
tthe other family we were travelling with ordered room servce for breakfast for 3 people (1 child ) and it was $100! ! !
during one lunch , i ordered the 3 mini burgers and essentially got white castles .
and they charged $12!
and the resort is in the middle of no where so we were not about to take cabs with 2 children all over fajardo in the search of food .
the hotel is outdated and needs some spiffing up .
floors and bannisters are worn .
room furnishings ok but outdated .
comment about the palomino island : it 's ok .
the kids had a fun time on the ferry boat , but the island is nothing special .
it 's a standard beach with a restaurant and bar .
and if you think about it , it 's a pain to take a ferry to the beach so we only did this once .
this was a family vacation that was planned last minute and i had read the reviews before going so i my expectations were not high .
our goal was to spend some quality family time relaxing which is what we did .
if you are looking for high end , go some place else .
it looked like they were renovating and supposedly , lxr has taken over , so maybe in a year or two , el con will be restored to the reputation it once had .
not worth the price hotel in poor repair .
i had stayed there just last year in a very nice room ; however , i was placed in a marina room that was subpar . food was way overpriced and , in many cases , pedestrian .
the folks that worked there were very nice .
new owners have a long way to go to restore desirability .
beautiful but pricey the location is absolutely beautiful and the views spectacular .
palomino island which is a ferry away that you take on the property was beautiful with tons of water activities .
upon your arrival you are treated like a king and our oceanview room was incredible !
unfortunately , we went when a million conventions were going on and reconstruction so we were unable to secure an oceanview suite .
however , there are two problems with this resort .
if you do not have a car or familiar with this part of puerto rico you are stuck on the resort .
in fact the entrance to the resort is maybe a good 8 miles away so forget about walking into the main street .
as such , you are stuck and can depend on only there cuisine which was mostly italian ironically .
the one resturant with spanish cuisine ( el caribe ) the food was not very good .
the food overrall is very expensive and not worth the price although we did enjoy the breakfast buffet at las brisas .
again , expensive as you have to pay full price even for a child ( my son is 3 and eats like a bird . )
the second problem is lack of communication or training of the employees .
we specifically went to visit vieques and culebra which is very close .
we were told throughout our trip the only way to reach these islands was to rent a private boat for $2,000.00
for the day !
on our very last day we learned for $20.00 we could have taken a cab to a ferry that would take us to these islands .
they actually had a flyer that they never submitted to us although we asked the consieur 's desk about this , marina activities , bellhops , waitresses , etc . . . .
this was our biggest pet peeve .
they really did not promote outside activities with other vendors and it was difficult to obtain this information even when you asked for it .
i think the biggest problem at this hotel is the consieur 's desk where all traveler 's really depend on .
my father stated he felt like he was in prison .
we left on valentine 's day to san juan and stayed at el condado plaza .
that is my next review .
past its prime my overall rating is average , but it 's a balance of extreme positives and negatives .
on the plus side , the setting is spectacular .
the hotel complex , set into the slope of a sea - side mountain , provides a unique panorama .
the hotel beach , which is on an island three miles away , is also above average .
on the negative side , the ocean - view room we stayed in has not been maintained well and was far too shabby and unclean given the rate we paid .
the food was also overpriced and very poor quality .
i believe that , for the same price , you can find a much more appealing place to stay in puerto rico .
worth the view however the grounds and the views are breathtaking .
the rooms are scheduled for renovation .
we were told all will be completed by 2008.
we were not pleased with the condition of the furniture , decor and fixtures in our room .
terribly outdated and in most cases worn or dirty . all food is over priced , however , blossoms , and the stingray cafe served us fresh , delicious and superbly cooked elegant meals . palomino island is where thier beach is .
other than having to take the new faster ferry boat over , it is very nice .
the water wonderful and the sand into the water was free of most rocks or other debris .
especially if when facing the island you go in off to the left of the dock . there is a tremendous amount of walking to get about the hotel , so this is not good for those with physical handicaps or out of shape . the staff was always friendly and accomodating . there is a very poor nightlife .
the weekends offer a bit more , but still lacks in anything lively . personally , there are far better places to spend alot of money .
just average we won a trip to the el con for a week .
the shuttle from the airport was comfortable .
i would complain about the $45 cost per person for the one way shuttle trip if we had to pay for it .
when we arrived , the wait at the check in counter took almost 30 minutes even though we were next in line .
the staff member who checked us in was kind .
we arrived two hours before check in and our room was not ready .
i thought they would put us in another room since the hotel was almost empty but we had to wait for our room to be cleaned and to make it up they bought us lunch , probably because we were contest winners .
when we got to the room , the water was not working .
they told us that the pipes were being worked on and that the water would come back on at 4pm .
the guy who helped us check in wanted to move us to another room in the marina area but his supervisor told him not to because they would just have to move us back after the water is turned on .
we took a nap and the water was on as they promised at 4pm .
but the next morning we slept in cause we were on pacific standard time and the water was not working again .
so we called the front desk and asked how many days will they be working on the pipes .
in a flash , the lady moved our room to the marina .
the marina area was nice but the bed was not comfortable .
also for the hot tub you have to go the main level which is a tram ride up , then walk past shops , and an elevator ride to the pool level .
all the rooms at the el con are really outdated and old .
the marina rooms are a little cleaner .
but the beds and maids are not as good .
the restaurants are pricey and decent .
the pool is not heated but opened 24 hours .
the beach was okay , to us it was a little dirty so we only went to the island once and did not swim .
the ferry ride takes a long time .
the casino was fun , i won the jackpot on a penny slot .
the avis rental cars are expensive .
we paid $70 a day for a midsize with liability insurance .
parking costs $15 a day and there is a shuttle to the parking lot .
i think we spent more on tips more than anything else .
one of the things we really wanted to do in puerto rico was the bioilluminescent bay .
go to the one in fajardo , it 's great !
i heard the one in vieques has a lot of jellyfish .
the hotel has a kayaking tour with eco action tours for $65, including a ride from the hotel and back .
we called them and booked the tour for $40 but had to walk to the place , less than 5 minutes from the marina part of the el con .
they are the best tour company and peter the one who runs it is awesome !
he also does other tours and is very informative and funny .
okay but not luxury i just got back from 3 nights/4 days at the el conquistador resort in fajado , puerto rico .
the hotel is fine but in no way is it luxury except for the view .
i have stayed at ritz carlton hotels before and i know what luxury is .
this hotel is more on par with a beaches resort which i have also stayed at .
it 's very big and from afar seems like heaven but when you get up close you see that the hotel is run down and in need of a paint job for starters .
the furniture is worn and chipped .
there are no a/c vents in the bathroom so it 's a bit warm in there .
the mini fridge is old and a bit smelly .
ask to stay in a room near the main building not near the marina .
this is where everything ( restaurants , casino , shops , pools , arcade , convenience store ) is located except for one restaurant and one pool .
you need to take a funicular to get to the rooms down by the marina .
i stayed in a garden - view room which was fine .
the view was of the nice tennis courts and the golf course .
very green and pretty .
there is no need to get an ocean view room .
if you have the extra money to spend , stay at a nicer hotel . the pools were nice as was palomino island ( the private island where the beach is located ) .
you take a ferry to the island .
once on the island there is a restaurant and a store .
palomino island is not to be missed .
no need to bring towels .
they are supplied once you get to the island .
the last ferry returns to the hotel at 4:30 pm . i ate only at the casual restaurants .
the food was mediocre but the prices were high .
there are nicer restaurants but i am from ny and knew the food would not compare so i did not bother to try them . i went on two days trips .
a shopping trip to old san juan .
it 's approx .
$50 per person and all it is is transporation to and from the town .
you leave the hotel at 9 am and leave old san juan at 3 pm .
you are on your own between 9 and 3 to go sightseeing ( el morro , pigeon park , etc . ) and shopping .
this trip is worth the money because it costs $100 just to take a taxi to old san juan one way . the other trip i went on is to el yunque , the rain forrest .
you leave the hotel at 9 am and return to the hotel at 1 pm .
the tourguide edwin is hilarious and very knowledgeable .
he should have his own travel tv show .
the first stop is at a waterfall just to look at , not to go in .
it 's beautiful .
the second stop is at a tower .
you can climb up the tower to the top ( approx 90 steps ) .
you can go at your own pace .
the view of the three peaks of the rain forrest is stunning .
the last stop is a hike .
the first part of the hike is uphill and a bit tough if you 're not in shape but then it 's downhill and easy .
lots of things to see .
bring a bottle of water .
wear sneakers .
no bathing suits necessary .
people who ca not walk unassisted should not go on this trip .
this is not a place to go if you are travelling alone unless you like solitude .
the hotel is very big and it seemed like we were there by ourselves .
i had a great time because of the company i was with .
if i needed to feel like i was living in the lap of luxury and wanted to be pampered , i would have been very disappointed .
fine for the deal we got off season my husband and i found a good deal online for combined airfare and hotel accomodations through travelocity for this hotel .
i think it was about $1500 combined .
we were in need of a 4day/3night get - away without our 3 young children for some relaxed down - time and sunshine and this fit the bill with a direct flight to san juan .
we normally stay at much smaller , more exclusive resorts and have been spoiled by those ( cap juluca on anguilla , renting a house on anguilla , las ventanas in cabo san lucas , caneel bay on st . john ) .
we read all the reviews and while a little nervous about what we were to find upon arrival , we ended up having a great time and the resort pretty much to ourselves due to this still being the off - season .
i 'm sure it would have been a very different experience in high season if the resort had been chock full of people , chaises in demand , elbow - to - elbow on the island , and full rates for average accomodations . . . would not have liked it with those factors .
the positives of the off season is that we got the peace and quiet we were looking for . . . no problem getting your choice of chaises by any of the pools and on the island .
we did not have to wait in line for anything and nothing was crowded .
we were upgraded to a full ocean view room on the 4th floor of the vista wing .
we were overlooking the maze green garden out to the ocean , so had no problem with privacy or noise from the pool/lobby as another reviewer mentioned .
we were closer to the golden door spa than the lobby .
we were the only ones playing tennis on their courts .
( $10 fee to borrow a raquet , $6 for can of balls and $35 for an hour on the court ) the negative to the off season and renovation that 's underway is that more than a few of the restaurants were closed for renovation .
we ended up eating dinner at the asian restaurant in the hotel for 2 of the nights . . . one night at the yakatori/benihana - type grill in the restaurant which was good and the other night in the chinese part of the restaurant and had delicious peking duck ( pricey , but tasty ) .
dinner out the other night was just down the road from the hotel at pasion . . . a local spot . . . we were craving real authentic puerto rican cuisine and this was a nice change of pace .
the concierge recommended pasion and it was easy to get to .
overall , food prices were on the high side , but that 's what you generally expect at a resort .
although , breakfast was quite reasonable at the cafe caribe . . . about $8.95 for an entree .
we liked the menu for lunch/drinks down by the marina the best . . . the bar along the water .
also , spent a couple of hours one morning in some chaises on the lawn by the water in front of las olas village . . . peaceful and away from the big resort . the views from the hotel are quite beautiful .
it 's set up high on a cliff and you feel as if you 're in a plane . . . looking out onto palomina island , vieques , culebra and st . thomas in the distance .
the golf course , gardens and grounds are all well - kept .
we enjoyed the boat ride out to the hotel 's island . . . a nice change from the pool experience . . . to sit in a chaise and listen to the waves lap against the beach .
to be picky about the island . . . it needed a good raking to clean up the seaweed and garbage that naturally floats ashore ( plastic bottles , etc ) and the menu could have been upgraded at the one and only cafe .
our room was fine . . . we were prepared for the worst based on some of the reviews that we read . . . and we called ahead to see what they could do about a room because we had read such horrible reviews .
they upgraded us and while the tiles were chipped , the bathroom was in need of new grout and a fresh paint job , the furniture was tired . . . we were okay with what we ended up with .
if we had to pay full season rates , it would have been another story !
luxury it is not , but it was perfectly fine considering what we were paying and the fact that we were away .
it was clean and the maid service seemed more on the ball in our room than in some of the other reviewer 's rooms . service was very friendly and welcoming . again , we 're not big resort kind of people , but it worked for us for this quick get - away and el conquistador served its purpose .
call for an upgraded room before you go . . . i just saw some photos of the room a recent reviewer ended up in and it looked horrible ( mold , etc ) !
my review would have been very different if we had not been in a decent room .
wonderful and yet nasty my wife and i ( with our 19 month old toddler ) just returned from the el conqistador last night .
we couldnt wait to post this review .
the hotel is a study in contrasts .
i have never had such an experience with a hotel before - on the one hand the grounds are immaculate , in excellent condition , and the views are absolutely beautiful .
the lobby is as expected for a 4* hotel .
however , once we stepped into the elevator to access the rooms , the beauty ended .
the elevator was dingy , the corridor access and area just outside of the elevator was filthy - downright nasty , with baked in dirt and filth marks on the outside of the garbage receptacle just outside of the elevator .
we noticed cigarette butts , dirt , significant dust bunnies ( more like dust elephants , given the size ) and stains all over the tiles .
we felt like we were dirty by the time we got to our room .
what was worse is that the dirt and filth remained for the duration of our stay - from thursday to sunday .
and yes , the room was very dated .
that by itself is not bad , but the bedspread was never properly made up , and by the third day we became convinced that it was not that the maid was inefficient , but that the bedspread was old and too worn to ever look neat .
the furniture was part rattan , part antique and part modern ( they had a dvd player alonside a 1980's cd player ) , all in serious need of a brush of varnish/paint and repair . the views from the room - we stayed in the la vista wing - was really special , except that you dont risk opening your doors much for the noise from the lobby and pool areas just below .
neither do you risk opening the shades for the view unless you dont mind flashing everyone in the pool and general activity area , as all the oceanview rooms are in full public view of everyone in the pool and activity areas . the less said on this subject the better .
you can do much better going into fajardo and buying at sizzlers or wendys .
in fact you can do better just eating at a mall food court .
unless of course , you really enjoy bland overpriced food ( my wife keeps reminding me that the food isnt awful , just tasteless , and that it could have been worse . )
true . the service was generally good .
puerto rican hospitality is very positive and warm and the hotel was no exception .
from the concierge to the bellhops , to the parking shuttle driver , the service was above par . and speaking of parking .
you should drive , but remember that parking is a nice distance away and the wait on the parking shuttle to the lobby can be dreadfully delayed .
worse , friday night we found ourselves driving around in circles for over 20 minutes in the parking lots just trying to find parking , which was non - existent .
we noticed that they are now building a parking ramp building - which is well overdue as the resort is huge , like mad huge .
this becomes a nightmare when you want to checkout and its a sunday .
its like check - in day at a cruise terminal .
if you like massive resorts , you will like el conquistador , especially after they complete their renovation , which the frontdesk staff tells me will be completed by this time next year .
i for one will want to see if the hotel itself will match up to its grounds and views by then .
if you like an intimate setting , it is not for you .
staying their is like a mini city on a hill which feels like a mega all - inclusive , but has worse tasting ( and expensive ) food . all in all i would definitely return , if only out of curiosity after their renovation .
el con was okay we visited the el conquistador for a long weekend to attend a friend 's wedding in may .
having read all of the reviews we were a bit concerned but we ended up having a very good time .
we 're not picky travelers and we got a rate of $160 per night through priceline so we were not expecting too much . our room was in the la vista wing of the resort .
worn  tired is how i would describe it .
there were scuff marks on the walls , subtle but noticeable stains on the carpet and the furniture just looked old ( not in a quaint way ) .
on the plus side the bathroom was large and we had a fantastic view .
there was a fridge in the room which we took advantage of by stopping at the grocery store to stock up on beer , soft drinks and snacks .
some friends who stayed in other parts of the hotel said they had great rooms but we never got a chance to see them . while the restaurant prices are very expensive , i did not think they were that outrageous relative to other resorts .
the food was generally decent but nothing special .
however , they do nickel and dime you at ever turn .
$15 for satelite parking , $5 for internet access , $2 to make a toll free phone call , $4 for water , expensive rental fees for beach toys even though they charge you a resort fee , etc . . . the biggest negative is the beach situation .
there is no beach right at the resort so you have to take a ferry to their private island .
it took exactly one hour to get to the beach from the time we left our room .
the ferries supposedly leave every 1/2 hour but on our return we waited over 45 minutes for it to arrive .
some people in line waited over 30 minutes and did not even make it on .
god knows how long they waited for the next one .
on top of that the beach is only average by caribbean standards . on the plus side we thought the service was always friendly and generally efficient .
the pool areas are nice and we never had a problem finding chairs at any time of day .
overall the grounds are well kept . we were there with a group and had a great time but i would not have been happy had we paid top dollar and i certainly would not hurry back .
el con ; the good the bad and the other . . .
i just got back from a four night trip to el conquistador . i have read a lot of reviews before my trip and having experienced this hotel , i can say that i agree with both the negative and positive .
i will start with the positive .
the views are beautiful .
the gardens are very well maintained .
most of the staff are extremely attentive and helpful .
we had our shower and toilet fixed very quickly .
the island is the place to be , there are hiking paths to quiet and private beaches on the other side of the island .
i would like to recommend balyhoo restaurant and stingray cafe , both places have good food and good drinks , they are also by the water .
and now the negatives .
i read all the reviews that talk about the price of food .
yes , $3.50 for a 16 ounce bottle of water in the palomino island cafe is much but what about paying $3.25 for a wall st journal ? or $20 for a one way cab trip to a restaurant 7 minutes away from the resort ?
not to mention caribe restaurant ( which my girlfriend named jock strap cafe ) where the low qulity of food , high prices and terrible service make this place an ultimate no - no .
the island 's main beach is very loud and crowded i have to say that this place is not very romantic .
there are so many people .
so much noise and excitement .
it seems like a perfect place for families .
there is some exciting action for everybody .
even the cute grandmas that were left at the slot machines . they will charge you for everything and the markups of stuff like newspapers , water and other basic things are outrageous . the rooms need updating ; my tv almost fell because the cabinet was so old .
my toilet and shower gave me trouble on the first day ( they did fix it right away ) the spa is very good and the service is good as well . i would suggest a visit to el con if you are staying at the village ( which looked terrific ) or if you want to go on vacation with you entire family .
puerto rico wedding getaway i was disappointed with the el conquistador .
of course i am used to staying at nice hotels so i guess it depends on your frame of reference ( recent hotels : westin , jw marriott , atlantis , etc . ) .
i found the rooms to be overpriced for the accommodations offered .
i understand that some of the rooms have been somewhat renovated , but mine was not .
i went for a friends wedding with a group rate of $275.
my roommate was able to get the government rate so it did not hit as hard $185.
i still felt taken advantage of at this rate however .
the rooms were comparable to a holiday inn .
i felt the springs in the bed - not good ( i really missed my heavenly bed ) .
also , there could not be any insultation between rooms because i could hear conversations in the next room .
the rooms are just plain old . the hotel was recently purchased and there are plans to renovate the entire resort i 'm told .
i would probably consider this property again after the renovation if i wanted to be isolated .
the resort is at least 1 hour from the airport , which depending on your origination city could be a pain .
also , you will spend a lot of time and money if you want to see anything else that pr has to offer .
the food was extremely expensive - - $18 for a personal pizza and $3.00 for morning orange juice .
the view is spectacular as is the golden door spa .
only thing is that they add a 20% gratuity for you without your knowledge .
i asked to add a gratuity upon departure and they told me it was done already which put me off a little b/c what if i wanted to leave more or even worse what if i did not enjoy my massage ?
my friend that was married stayed at a villa at las casitas which runs from $600-800 a night .
again overpriced .
while the villa is much nicer than the regular rooms it still lacked the luxury touch in furnishings and overall ambiance .
the view is spectacular however .
at that rate , one should walk in and say wow , but it was a letdown . the staff is great - - very friendly and helpful .
outside of the view , the staff is the best asset at the conquistador .
they also had a kids club which seemed to have plenty of activities for the children .
the pools were plentiful and although i did not have time to make it to the island everyone agreed that it was fantastic .
it takes 30 minutes to get there by boat .
there is no beach access at the hotel , but there is beautiful scenery . my trip was fine because it was short (4 nights ) and purposeful .
i lowered my standards in order to celebrate with my friend .
under different circumstances , i would have switched to another hotel .
my last visit to pr we stayed at the intercontinental .
i found the accommodations there better than the conquistador .
great the hotel was beautiful , but i did notice that the rooms near the pool needed to be redone .
i had a wonderful time , the funicular was fun and the boat trip to the beach was great .
only thing i did not like was that when you eat lunch at the beach , there are chickens , roosters , birds and lizards all around your table .
food was great though .
when you do leave , make sure you call the bellman to pick up your luggage early because it took them over an hour to get our stuff and we wanted to relax and have lunch before we caught our flight and i was so upset that we had to rush .
i called the front desk 4 times and still no one could help me but say they should be there soon .
then upon checkout the front desk was horrible , they conveniently forgot to discount our credit for booking and did not charge our room per day like we instructed them to .
also , be prepared to spend alot of money because lunch for 2 averaged about $70.00 and about $200-250 for dinner .
hotel is lacking in the management department , i think they need to be re - trained to get people in and out .
grounds were kept very clean and our room was very clean - place should offer all inclusive average hotel was $400 a night plus food = ridiculous amount of money being spent .
had a good time , but . . . . .
i read so many reviews prior to going on this trip that i was not sure what to expect .
so , first , the resort is very nice with absolutely beautiful views .
we stayed at the marina section which was not by choice but ended up ok .
our rooms ( we had adjoining for my husband and i and two children , 13 and 9) were fine .
although they could certainly use a facelift , overall clean .
problem was that in the marina , you are away from the main resort up top and have to take the trolley car up .
advantage - one step closer to the ferry for the beach ( lines do get long ) .
disadvantage - boats start motoring up at around 6:30 a . m .
so if you 're a light sleeper and want to sleep in , this is not the location for you .
next , the pools .
not sure here what everyone loved about them .
the pool by the marina was truly dirty .
the main pool was very crowded and in need of uplift .
i did not see one pool that went deeper than 3 1/2 feet or so which did not thrill my kids .
the beach - very nice but very shallow with coral and seaweed everywhere .
you have to be careful .
and yes , it could be cleaner in the sandy areas .
we did the horseback riding which was fun and we rented wave runners which the kids also enjoyed .
the staff - very nice and pleasant .
no complaints there .
restaurants - just ok .
very , very expensive .
i originally come from ny where i am somewhat used to seeing high prices .
the resort 's prices beat that .
drinks were ridiculous .
so either bring your wallet and credit cards and suck it up , or decide to go on your diet during the vacation .
we went to old san juan one day which was terrific !
the forts were amazing ( even my kids enjoyed it ) , views beautiful and then we walked around the town and had lunch in one of the many restaurants there .
we rented a car for the day which seemed to be the most economical way to go .
( we were told that a cab ride was $115 each way , and unfortunately , the concierge did not have any tours going the day we wanted to go .
renting a dodge durango cost $110 for the day . )
the bus ride from the airport to the resort is over an hour .
the bus is comfortable and provided softdrinks .
so just sit back and relax .
would we go again ?
no . did we have a great time ?
do not worry if you 've already planned your trip and are reading reviews like i did .
you 'll have a great time .
hidden daily taxes the resort was beautiful and the room layed out well , with a walk in closet .
after check in the bell hop said we were given a stevie wonder room ( blind view ) and he went to the front dest and demanded another room with a better view for us .
the staff seemed friendly and helpful .
as i read in these reviews before we went the food was overly priced and not so good .
we had a car and went off site a lot .
we walked a bit pasted the marina to other seafood resturants recommeded by the locals .
the worst thing was the hidden fees .
we were charged an extra 37.29 a day resort tax and an additional 47.46 a day resort tariff .
this is an extra 84.75 a day .
why not tell me my room fee with this added in so there are no hidden fees .
we also payed an extra 15.00 a day for internet and 20.00 a day for parking .
this all adds up .
we thought that the internet cafe had free internet but no , it was 4.95 an hour .
by the time we checked out the beauty of the resort was lost in the feeling of being nickeled and dimes to death .
you can do better first , we were given a room which had stains on the bed , and music played outside our window all night long .
this place is very expensive .
even if you get a cheap deal on the room , be prepared to spend a lot on everything else .
for those who care about culture , there is none here .
it is secluded from the rest of puerto rico , there is nothing within walking distance .
for those who families , so does everyone else at this hotel .
just be careful about letting your teens roam at night . for those who care about dinning service , it was infuriating .
at one of their resturants which requires formal atire we were given food that was the equivalent of instant pasta .
in addition , they do not ask you to taste the wine , and tried to scam us by giving us a different vintage of burgundy than was on the menue .
they have no knowledge on any dinning ediqute . this place is a five star in architecture .
but everything else is at best a 2.8.
slightly above average my husband and i just returned from this hotel after spending a full week ; having read all of the reviews i had alot of apprehension prior to our leaving , we had documents from our travel agent promising an upgrade even though we paid for a deluxe ocean front room , the room they took us to was overlooking the childrens slide slight view of the ocean in the far ground and a queen size bed . i
spoke to the front desk and we were switched to la brisas king bed big room big terrace overlooking the ocean and the sea , room was okay .
buffet breakfast 1st morning decent variety of selections the cost was not posted anywhere the charge was 19pp , not bad so the next morning we went back after having the same buffet as the previous day the bill came and it was 25pp when the staff was questioned noexplanation given . the
grounds are beautiful well cared for , the private beach is very relaxing but a bother to get to . the
meals in the hotel where we exclusively ate were pricey for what was offered .
if you like salad or vegetables you will be out of luck here lots of carbs with every meal . the
staff is very accomadating and very pleasant , the resort is a popular site for corporate events and we got the impression that the resort caters to the large groups rather then the vacation traveler .
perfectly acceptable i too became concerned about staying at this resort after reading the reviews .
however , they allowed me to set my expectations accordingly , and to become surprised when the facility and the staff greatly exceeded them .
the resort was perfectly fine , and , except for the cost of the food , a pretty good value .
beautiful grounds , pool area , and unbeatable views .
the rooms where not spic and span but acceptably clean and again not as bad as other reviewers made it sound .
we stayed in la vistas and though the furniture and other room accessories were worn , tired and even broken , the carpet , bedlinens , and accent pillows were new .
staff was friendly , housekeeping did a good job .
restaurants were fine , we were there for the sun , spa and relaxation , not the food .
the spa was great .
so set your expectations and do not fret about your plans .
its fine .
great for families but poor - standard service the night before i left for my trip i came across this web site and read a lot of very negative reviews .
after i checked weather and saw a lot of rain forecasted , i braced myself for a bummer of a vacation .
thankfully , that was not the case . when the plane landed we were greeted promptly and courteously by the hotel shuttle bus and were taken to the hotel .
the ride was not bad and there were plenty of cold drinks on board . the entrance to the hotel grounds are beautiful and the golf course is absolutely lush .
the lobby was clean , inviting and tropical and we checked in with no problems . like many have said , we too found our room to be on the dirty side .
a few lightbulbs were not working , the shower walls were filthy and looked like they had not been cleaned in a very long while .
although i made coffee with the complimenatary coffee pot on the first day , the grinds lay in the basket even after we checked out - not cleaned once during our stay .
in terms of the room , use the safe .
someone who entered our room stole $57 that i had tucked into a zippered compartment of our suitcase .
it was casino winnings from the night before - easy come , easy go .
also , our maid shut our door while cleaning our room which goes against most hotel policies .
and , like others , housekeepers often did not show up until well past four in the afternoon - after a call to housekeeping requesting service . i had my two children (6,4) with me and they spent nearly every day at the kids klub .
the two counselors were very warm , friendly and responsible .
everyday , the kids did something like snorkling , a trip to the beach , playtime in the pool , etc .
when it rained , they had x - box and playstation .
they really showed my kids a great time and that was one of the best parts of the trip . having them in camp , i got to enjoy relaxing by one of the three pools .
they were all cleaned and well maintained but the kiddie pool and cliffside jaccuzzis looked murky and in need of cleaning .
one day it rained and the hotel did not offer towels between 12 and 4. the restaurant food was fair to good but very , very pricey .
the cheapest entrees i noticed were $28.
we did enjoy our dinner at stingrays and i 'd recommend the tilapia dish . it rained two days we were there and i got to use the golden door spa facilities and everything was great .
i enjoyed the clean healthclub and thought it was one of the better hotel fitness facilities i 've been to . the hotel is under new management and there was a lot of talk about the improvements they plan to make .
one of the waiters told me that december - may is really the height of their season and when you can expect the most traffic and activity .
he did say during that time there is a lot of fighting for lounges , towels , service , etc . i 'd go back but i 'd like to see some improvements in the room care and cleanliness at a minimum .
nice but . . . let me start by saying that my sister and i won our trip to the el conquistador from harper 's bazaar magazine , so other than gratuities at the spa and on our meals , we did not pay for anything , except the horse back riding we did on paolmino island and the optional excursions to the rain forest ( my sister ) and old san juan ( me ) .
we had read the reviews here before we went , so we were not expecting much in terms of service , but we were pleasantly surprised to find that the resort was virtually empty the first 3-4 days we were there , ensuring that we received plenty of attention .
i will mention , however , that we noticed a distinct difference in the quality of service once the hotel began to fill up towards the end of our stay .
for example , our room was not cleaned until after 4:00 pm on our last full day there , where it had been serviced by noon at the latest every other day .
we were surprised by this , since the hotel was still certainly far less than full , so i can only imagine what it would be like during busy season . we stayed in las casitas , the supposed luxury part of the resort , and while our suite was certainly spacious , the furnishings and the mattress were nothing exciting , and i 've certainly experienced better in much less expensive accomodations at other resorts and hotels ( i travel several times per year on business ) .also , beware of the in - room movie system : once you start a film , there is no way to pause or rewind it .
i did not discover this until after i had ordered ( because that 's when the message comes up on the screen ) and i was not expecting it , because every other hotel i 've stayed in recently with an in - room movie system has the same control options you would have if you were watching a moie on your vcr at home . as for the food , it 's quality was better than i expected , in light of the poor reviews here .
however , given the incredibly high prices , i do not know that i would have eaten dinner at the resort more than once if i was paying for it myself .
my sister and i especially enjoyed both le bistro and isabellas .
note : if you decide to go to palomino island , bring snacks or something to have for lunch , because a chicken sandwich , a burger , and one mai tai cost us $50!
i can see the point of paying more for gourmet food in attractive surroundings , but for a burger at a plastic table , $50 is over the top . the spa was fabulous and ( relatively ) reasonably priced .
i had 3 treatments , and they were all wonderful : hydrotherapy , the golden door massage , and a pineapple body polish .
none more than $115.
the therapists were skilled and friendly .
go , if you get the chance .
finally , about the office staff and our butler at casitas , no one could figure out exactly what was covered by our travel award certificate , despite several emails before we arrived and numerous conversations afterwards ( although everything did work out fine in the end ) .
we also had to call to more than once to request bath amenities , coffee supplies , and a grocery list ( which we found was useless , because it had no prices listed and they wo not buy any beverages for you ) .
oh , and the infinity pool : it really is as magical as they say it is .
if you 're not staying in casitas , still try to sneak over and see it .
but even if you ca not , the free scenery and views from all around the grounds are still gorgeous .
and the singing frogs at night were a magical experience .
bioluminescent bay hey folks this is just some advice in reference to those of you planning to stay at the el conquistador hotel .
if you are interested in going on the biobay tour you dont have to book it thru the hotel which charges $65.
all you have to do is take the funicular down to the marina area and walk towards the left which will lead you thru two parking lots .
after passing the two lots you will find a pathway which will lead you to las croabas bay , there you will find the operators which provide the tour into the biobay .
you can choose from amongst them and save yourself about $20 in the process .
mixed review for el conquistador i just returned from el conquistador from a stay with 2 older children 16 and 20.
our opinions are definitely mixed .
the shuttle from the airport took nearly 2 hours when we arrived and over an hour even for the 5am return shuttle and cost us $192 round trip for 3 travellers .
our room was average but conveniently located on the main part of the hotel for the pool , casino , etc .
my daughter and i had to ask 4 different people before we could figure out how to get to the fitness center - an elevator plus funicula ride away .
sometimes it took 15 minutes to get the funicula back to the main hotel .
it also took awhile to get to the beach - funicula ride plus water taxi that only runs every half hour .
the beach is beautiful but the bottom is rocky in parts .
service is relaxed to say the least .
we frequently had to ask multiple times to get things but on the other hand you can sit in the casino bar and watch the yankee game and no one will hassle you to buy drinks .
staff are friendly but have no sense of urgency and checking in can take huge amounts of time .
overall my children and i really enjoyed the beautiful beach and pools and were very relaxed .
we found the buffet breakfast the best value for the money .
the food is expensive but typical of resorts and there are 16 restaurants to choose from so there is always somewhere to eat where you do not have to wait which is a plus .
overall we enjoyed our stay despite the drawbacks .
not sure i would go again . . . i have never been so happy to return from holiday - ever !
we just returned yesterday , jan 3, 2009 stayed from dec 30, 2008.
we went on holiday break , many teens and young children were there . wyndham/ rio mar had a game room but closed it on friday , 01.01.09.
plenty of kids around - bored . . . there is nothing for them to do after dark .
the pool and beach is pitch black and the bats start flying above as soon as the night hits .
an indoor pool would solve that issue . the food/taxi was too expensive ( same food as in states ) and the staff aloof at times but still pleasant .
maybe wyndham should make this an all inclusive resort or lower the prices .
the locals/staff mentioned that many items are overpriced .
the beach was nice although it could have been a bit cleaner .
i am a wyndham owner and have frequent many resorts and this one was not one its best .
i was told by wyndham/ rio mar sales it will mirror bonnett creek , where i hold my deed .
it will offer more ammenties ( indoor pool ) and activities on the property .
however , my son did enjoy the pool and beach as did other families .
i had a ok time . . . will probably go again , but when there are improvements that mirror other wyndam resorts .
good enough , but not that great .
view from our jr .
suite ( upgrade from " ocean view " ) .
go figure .
very nice hotel but dissapointed with concierge staff i have worked as a concierge in many 5 star hotels so i know what is going on behind the scenes at the concierge desk and i was not impressed at how they were operating .
we were there only one day and night and my wife and i wanted to take a bioluminescent kayak tour that evening , but the concierge staff said their tour did not run on that particular day .
now i know for a fact that there are many tours that operate not just the one they use , ( probably gives them the most commission , i know this as i am a concierge ) but they flat out refused to book another one , or call another one on my behalf , or even provide me with the numbers .
they acted like they were not aware of any others but any 5 star hotel concierge would know this .
i paid to use the internet myself and paid to call from the room .
even though they would not get any commission they still have to help me find another tour .
worthless and upsetting . however the hotel was beautiful and my room was lovely and large despite paying very little .
and the front desk staff was nice as well .
doorman were lazy 
nothing to bring us back we were glad we read the reviews before we went to pr and signed up for the wyndham rewards .
the outside grounds and pool areas were beautiful and clean at all times .
the inside of the hotel was sooo cold and the rooms were average .
we had an ocean view .
many people had trouble with their room cards and trying to unlock their doors . one time we made 3 trips down to front desk until it worked .
then later in the week , the cards failed again . the cappucino colored sand beach was semi - clean ( a lot of straws and buried cups ) right in front of the main entrance to the beach but a short distance ( yards away ) it was very dirty with vegetative debris , broken glass , washed up pots and pans , a guitar , a snorkel and mask and latex gloves .
the hotel rented water sports equipment in this area . there is a sign as you enter the sand that you are off hotel property and there are no lifeguards on duty .
a local man , 29 yrs old , drowned in that area as we arrived .
his pregnant fiance was saved but some people we talked to who were there said there was not much effort made to save him .
be careful in the water .
it is the atlantic ocean and there are jellyfish , also . the rainforest is gorgeous .
depending on how you walk to the falls , the path is very narrow (16-18) .
it is paved but if you walk down the river trail , it is steep and slippery with moisture and moss .
our guide told us he has fallen in every type of shoe he has worn .
leaving the falls and going the same direction , the path was dry and uphill .
we had more time to look around and not worry about our footing . book your kayak trip to the bioluminescent bay through the concierge .
the price is the same as doing it on your own and you have very reliable guides (5 of them ) and they are very concerned with your safety .
water is not deep most of the way but it really is dark .
the experience is wonderful . the food we had was very average .
chicken pot pie and meatloaf on a menu at the hotel left us scratching our heads .
were we in pr ?
our meal at the italian restaurant at the hotel was 5 star .
all other food , including our meal at richie 's was just ok .
pretty nice but not paradise .
my wife and i , both 40- ish , recently stayed 3 nights at the rio mar , as part of a multi venue tour of pr .
we targeted rio mar because of it 's proximity to the carribean national forest ( el yunque ) .positives : beautiful grounds surrounding the hotel .
nice pools , one for adults only .
very nice common areas in hotel with pretty views out the huge beach - side windows .
the in - hotel restaurants , shimas and one italian place ( cannot remember name , but starts with a p , palia ? ) , were surprisingly very good .
great location for el yunque exploration !
all staff we encountered were wonderfully friendly and helpful , eager to assist and please . negatives : the food at the tiki bar is terrible !
this opinion was unanimous among all the guests we befriended , actually a humourous bonding topic .
the tiki bar drinks are very week and over priced .
the terrible tiki phenomenon is particularly bothersome to folks who would like to take full advantage of the outdoors , day and night .
we fealt like we were forced in doors for good food and drink .
the rooms are pretty small , but are nice enough , many having ocean views .
for those expecting a postcard tropical beach , you 'll be disapointed that the sand is brown and the water is not the carribean ocean turqouis that you fantasize about , it 's variable but often green - brown , much like the east coast of the us above florida ( i grew up in virginia beach ) .
finally , and this may be the case with all large hotels , this place seems to cater to conventions ( there were three professional groups there during our stay , in large numbers ) .
depends on your expectaions my husband and i received a very low price from wyndham to visit their resort and go to the 2 hour timeshare presentation .
we accepted this offer and glad we did .
prior to going to rio mar , i read all the reviews on trip advisor .
some were very positive and some were very negative .
so i hoped for the best and prepared for the worst .
my conclusion to it all . . . . . all the post are correct , but it depends on what your expectations are as to if you take a positive or negative experience away from the trip .
my husband and i like to travel , but we travel on a budget .
we typically stay somewhere low costs so we have money to spend on excursions . here is what i saw from the hotel . . . . no pro or cons , just facts :1.
staff : very friendly , helpful , and spoke terrific english2.
room : a step above a standard hotel , but not anything fancy .
big bed , great ac , tub drained slow ( but not clogged as last reviewstated ) , , fridge did not work , but some reviews stated it cost $25 to use it . . . we did not ask .
everthing clean except for one stain on towel .
i just threw that towel to the corner and did not use .
3. maid service : did a great job cleaning our room each day3.
pool : great adultpool and activity pool .
this was a huge plus !4.
beach : it is my understanding that puerto rico does not ahve white sand beaches .
the sand at the hotel is brown , but very soft .
debris from the ocean on sand , but ike was passing to the north , so could have casued that .
wave were rough , but again ike passing to the north .5.
lounge chairs : lounge chairs avialable at pool and beach .
some are shaded by palm trees , others are in the open sun .
cabanas also available for rent .
6. food/drinks : we only got drinks at the tiki bar the first night .
$10 for a tropical drink .
we headed to walmart the next day and got our drinks , snacks , and a cooler .
that saved alot of money .
we were told there was a no cooler policy at pool , but we did not have a problem with the cooler at the beach .
we ate a pizza from the bakery . . . $10 for personal pizza and it was not very good .
i also ate a bagel , very good , from the bakery .
it was about $5.
there are plenty of places in the area to eat .
there are fast food chains , along with local restaurants .
we enjoyed la parella ( aka kiosk #2) along loquillo beach .
there are many restaurants at the resort also , but with resort prices .7.
attire : the casino requires a collared shirt for men .
some of the resort restaurants require slacks for men .
8. casino : fun , took a while to get a waitress to bring drinks ( free if playing )9.
transportation/parking : $30 per person for one way from hotel/resort .
if you plan to do things off the resort - - rent a car , much cheaper .
it is easy to drive on the island .
our spanish is very poor but we managed to read the signs .
self parking was $15 per day .
valet was $20 per day .
self parking was easy .
excursions : the resort offers many excursions , but at twice the price as local companies .
extra fees at check out : there is are several taxes/fees that you pay at check out .
also be careful about phone calls .
i made phone calls to various venders in nearby areas and it ended up being long distanse !
$2.00/minute ! ! ! ! ! including the phone calls , i had an additional $50.00 to pay at check out .
12. timeshare presentaion : excellent experience .
very nice sales rep .
gave great information .
though we said no , he gave no pressure .
night life - - aside from casino , not a lot .
this is a very laid back , quiet resort . overall . . . . we had a good experience .
this is not a 5 star resort .
know that going into it .
i would stay here again , but i do not need lavish things .
if you need to be pampered and spoiled , this is not for you .
but if you do not need to be spoiled , and want somewhere to go where you can relax under a palm tree during the day and go to bed early at night . . . . . try the rio mar .
overall good , with a few kinks the grounds of this resort are beautiful and well - manicured .
two pools , both gorgeous , and the beach was serene and peaceful .
as soon as we got there , we noticed how friendly and hospitable the staff was .
always ready to help .
we could see iguanas , turtles and koi in the pond from our balcony .
the room was decent , no big problems but nothing spectacular .
the concierge gave us good tips on getting around - - for example , he told us when it 's more efficient to rent a car and explore on our own and when it 's better to take the hotel - guided tours .
( we did both . )the
one drawback i noted was the food .
my husband 's meal at marbella 's was chewy , stringy shrimp that clearly was not fresh .
the waitress graciously took that meal off our bill without us asking her to .
we thought palio 's ( italian ) would be better , but not so .
my meal was largely tasteless and the lobster , again , was chewy and not fresh - tasting .
our server was pretty terrible , too .
inattentive , slow , pretty much incompetent .
the best experiences we had with food were outside the resort .
one was a takeout stand near el yunque that we absolutely loved .
all different kinds of tacos , corn meal sticks , fried greasy goodness .
and back at the hotel , breakfast at marbella 's was much better than their dinner . i also wish the hotel would prepare its guests more adequately for the tours it offers .
we took a kayaking tour to bioluminescent bay and really had no idea what to expect .
it turned out great , but a few people brought young children , which was a mistake .
a couple of the kids cried and fussed , which was not the most pleasant sound to hear when you 're trying to enjoy the glowing waterway and appreciate the sounds and sights of nature .
i think it would be better to discourage families from bringing children younger than 12. the hotel 's on - site car rental was very convenient , so we rented a car for the day to take to old san juan .
we had some trouble finding our rental car after making the arrangements .
oh , it 's just down the ramp and to the right really meant you have to go on a scavenger hunt inside the ( dark ) parking garage to find a car you 've never seen before .
we relied on keyless entry for that .
then , trying to return the car at the end of the day was a hassle .
the parking garage entrance was semi - blocked with a full sign .
we had to circumvent the hotel twice to figure out where to park the car .
we also think we should have been told that half the restaurants were closed .
no indication anywhere before or during the trip that our choices were so diminished .
after trying and failing to reserve a table at the grille room , we were directed to iguana 's pub at the country club and were very impressed with the food , service and atmosphere .
i believe this was a case of false advertisement and in that sense , we did not get what we paid for .
but , overall , i 'd say it was a pretty good vacation .
puerto rico is a beautiful place to go and the resort has a lot of perks .
i do not know if i 'd return to the rio mar , though .
standard big resort with exceptional beach if the beach is the most important thing for you and your family , then this is the resort for you .
rooms are really standard looking - think super nice motel on the inside .
beach is huge , sand is soft , waves are not too big , but good for boogie boarding .
breakfast is the type of buffet with omelet bar that makes a big group real happy .
was not perfect for us as a couple b/c none of the on premises restaurants had authentic local cuisine and there is nothing to do at night .
again , perfect family vacation if you have kids .
over priced although the setting is beautiful the hotel is showing its age .
there are a lot of maintence issues scattered throughout the property .
the restaurants are so over priced its ridiculous .
the best way to do it is rent a car and try some of the great local restaurants located near the resort .
do not bother asking the concierge they do not really know anything .
oh and make sure you get your pool towels during the day because if you want to swim at night you will have to use already used towels .
the best part about this place is probably the beds .
they are really comfortable .
when it comes down to it i guess that 's the most imporant thing .
nice resort , not so nice location my husband and i stayed at rio mar from may 7th to the 10th .
the resort was what we expected it to be considering we are wyndham owners ( not a  reort  but a lovely hotel ) .
we did rent a car , you have to if you want to leave the resort .
we did not eat at any of the restaurants at the resort since we had a car .
many people suggested the local cuisine but i could not get past everything being outdoors ( no controlled environment for the food ) so we ate a lot of fast food .
the beach was beautiful , weather - amazing and the casino was fun .
would i ever go back ?
. . . only if i stayed in san juan ( resort is about 40 min outside of san juan ) sorry so jumbled .
if you have questions please contact me 
beautiful property , but bring your wallet booked a package on cheapcarribean . com .
what we noticed at this property was overall , a lower level of service .
we had to request that the room be cleaned better for one thing .
we looked into getting picked up by the hotel from the airport 60 bucks per person each way .
we rented a car because we wanted to explore the area , i recommend this even though the hotel will charge you for self - park or valet .
you are less than 3 miles from el yunque rain forrest .
the hotel charges 38 per person for them to drive you there , your cost if you drive over yourself ?
zero , if you skip the visitor center (3 bucks if you do not ) .
the resort is big but the food prices are really jacked up : 4 bucks for an ice cream , almost 3 bucks for a coffee .
breakfast buffet is 25 per person .
we were able to find isamar bakery at the bottom of the hill near the main road .
breakfast and pasteries were very reasonable .
also , the concierge station .
while somewhat helpful , were clearly training some staff , never saw the same person twice .
this is not an all - inclusive and the level of service is less than we expected , while the staff was courteous their level of service was average at best .
the property and grounds are gorgeous but it is very pricey to eat 2-3 meals a day there , keep that in mind .
if you have a rental car there are plenty of places to eat nearby .
no peace at this resort we are still at the resort as i write this .
we have room overlooking the resorts larger pool .
the bass heavy music at the pool is blaring and the young children are screaming .
if you are deaf this will be a quiet retreat for you .
otherwise bring earplugs .
the food is not bad , the staff is pleasant and the grounds are very manicured .
we both had a massage and rated it as good .
i am not saying this is a bad resort i am just saying it is just too noisy for us .
some people here are having a great time .
ok , but no better my wife and i visited the rio mar for about five days in february 2008.
my comments are the same for our visit , the hotel , and puerto rico . . . everything was ok . . . but no better than that .
the hotel is nice , not great .
it is somewhat run - down .
it really needs a rehab .
it is a big resort , without much character .
the hotel rooms are ok .
the restaurants at the resort are ok , not great and certainly overpriced .
the nearby restaurants ( outside the resort ) are much the same .
we did a few nice things . . . i stronly recommend visiting old san juan , the fishing areas along the northeast tip of pr , and the tropical rain forest . . . but i would not recommend this hotel , nor a trip to pr .
there are , simply put , better places to go and better places to stay . . . elsewhere .
overpriced for mediocre experience my husband and 9- month old baby andi stayed here in january for 6 days , 5 nights .
we found it to be extremely expensive without the quality service to justify the cost .
for example , we had no hot water during 4-6pm .
water pressure in shower is amazingly low .
steam room did not work for the 5 nights we were there , and no repairs were made despite our daily inquiries .
food and drinks are ( expectedly ) overpriced , and are of typical hyatt hotel quality - nothing special .
for the price we paid - about $375 a night for an ocean view suite , we were not happy with the hotel .
however , we received excellent service by the restaurant staff , especially in shimas and marbella .
this would be a nice place if you paid less for a room and did not have high expectations .
nice rooms but constant construction ruined beach/pool time stayed at the wyndham rio mar for 3 nights the week before christmas .
the room was nice and roomy with comfortable beds , a large bathroom and a terrace that overlooked el yunque .
our only complaint is that there was construction going on all day the entire time we were there .
from early in the morning until late afternoon there was jackhammering , sawing , and all kinds of construction .
not ideal for a resort vacation .
a notice or apology of some kind from management would have been appreciated , but nada ! fortunately we rented a car and were able to get away from the noise , but the point was to enjoy the resort and not have to go somewhere else !
we got a really good rate on priceline , but if i had paid full price , did not have a car to escape the noise and expected to have the experience that they advertise on their web site it would have been disastrous .
itching to get home !
wyndham rio mar in el yunque rainforest , puerto rico was one of the most beautiful and tranquil resorts that i have ever been to .
unfortunately , our 4 day trip ended not a minute too soon , as the bedbugs reigned supreme at the resort and quite frankly , sent us packing !
loved the resort , hated getting eaten alive !
nice , but pricey .
much preferred our time in san juan i arrived early with my wife for a conference the first week of december .
we enjoyed the hotel - - lovely facility and grounds , nice comfortable rooms , sufficient work out facility .
we 're not big beach resort people and were glad we rented a car in san juan ( although driving in puerto rico traffic is not for the timid ! ) .
food : count me with the reviewers who say that pricing was brutal .
$25 for the breakfast buffet ( and good luck getting out for under $20 per person ordering off the menu ) ?
$90 for unsatisfying dinner for two at the japanese place ?
$130 for decent ( but nothing special ) italian cuisine at palio ? eesh !
they make it hard not to spend money .
the last morning we grabbed breakfast at the bakery/hole - in - the - wall at the entrance road/route 3 and got a ton of food for under $10.
wish we 'd seen it sooner . . .
my wife would not have been comfortable journeying into the five - minute drive away part of rio grande , though , so i 'm not sure what options are there .
bargain eating on site ?
the casual place at the golf club was good and resembled non - resort prices .
the ice cream/sweets kiosk was a good deal and tasty , but they closed it our last day to re - open it as something else . nickel and dime : $14 bell hop fee that we learned of upon getting our bill at the end .
tip for housekeeping ?
already included .
learned about that one at check out , too .
$15/day to self - park . . .
really enjoyed our rainy trip up to el yunque .
also had a ton of fun in our two trips into old san juan .
next trip to san juan ?
will either splurge to stay at el convento in old san juan or pck one of the hotels on the strip in san juan and rent a car to day trip into the countryside .
great golf - great golf course played 3 days in a row and enjoyed it more each time .
food and rest of the resort is nothing special .
comments in other reviews about dirty pool areas are true .
hotel seems understaffed for ground maintenace other than golf course .
typical resort we just stayed for a week attending a conference and found the hotel to be not as bad as some of the reviews suggested .
the food was pricey , but no more so than at other resorts we have stayed at .
the same goes for the quality of the food - not great but acceptable .
the pool and beach areas are very nice , but it was difficult to get a chair in the shade by the poolwe joined wyndham by request before we went ( thanks to the review on this site that suggested it ) and so we received a couple of drinks and a plate of fruit and cheese when we arrived .
we were given an ocean view room , i think because of the upgrade that goes with membership , but i 'm not sure .
the room and the view were beautiful and kept clean . the price of the room was deceptive , with all of the added mandatory charges ( for the conference rate they add on charges for bellman ( which we did not use ) , and maid gratuity and resort charges .
they also charged us for valet parking , but removed that when we complained that we did not have a car .
we can confirm the advice in the previous reviews to definitely check your bill carefully at check out . they offer complementary internet access in the lobby , but this was not working for a lot of the time we were there - some one else at the conference wondered if this was so that we would pay the extra to have internet access in our room ! in summary , this is a typical resort hotel with lots of choices of restaurants , a golf course , pools and activities .
the grounds are large but there is not much outside the grounds that it would be worth renting a car to get to and nothing you could walk to . to be honest , we did not much like puerto rico - it was too dirty and crowded - but if you just want the caribbean resort experience this would be fine .
the good , the bad and the ugly the good : the resort was in better condition than i expected based on some of the reviews on this site .
beautiful grounds , nice ammenities , food at the restaurants better than expected , satisfactory rooms , big bathrooms , wonderful beach area , lots of activity , excellent valet service . the bad : though there are many pool areas , they need to be cleaned more often .
the water was oily feeling and murky .
maid service was erratic , room service food not that great .
it 's also a loud hotel and the room walls are paper thin .
lots of loud partying going on in other rooms and at the pools .
i hate to say this but many of the hotel guests seemed sleazy . the ugly : management at this hotel is nonexistant .
we were initially given a room with one bed when we had requested two doubles .
downstairs desk said they 'd be up to the room with new card keys for another room .
they never came , even after 7 more calls down to the front desk , and even after another couple showed up at our room saying the room we were in had been given to them .
so basically , we were roomless for another hour before the hotel finally corrected the situation .
no apologies and when we asked to speak to the manager , he never contacted us . overall : not a bad place to stay but not a great one either .
truthfully , i was not that impressed with this resort or puerto rico in general .
i 'd suggest going to the dominican republic instead .
beautiful pool area , but serious drawbacks recently stayed at the rio mar with my fiancee .
the grounds and the pool area are beautiful , but we were disappointed with a lot of things .
as can be expected , the prices at the hotel restaurants are outrageous , and the food is nothing special .
they know that you 're 1 hour from san juan and 30 minutes from other restaurants , so the prices are very high .
the most disappointing part of our stay was the golf .
we saved up and had our one big splurge on a round of golf at the ocean course ( there is also a river course , but there was a tournament going on when we were there ) .
first of all , there is only one par 3 hole that is on the ocean - and it 's surrounded by construction as they are building new condos all around it .
the other 17 holes are no where near the ocean .
and they did not even tell us that they were seeding all of the greens , so we paid $150 per person for green fees even though the greens were perfectly brown and sandy with seed .
it was very disappointing .
though the course may have been special back in the '80s when greg norman designed it , it is very run down and is not worth such a high green fee .
in conclusion , if you want to lay by a nice pool and be on a nice beach , you will enjoy this hotel , but for anything besides that , i highly recommend that you rent a car and go explore the real puerto rico outside of the hotel compound .
pros : 1- beautiful beach with plenty of sun beds and umbrellas ( you have to ask the waiters to put one up for you )2- nicely sized rooms3- staff seemed very pleasant4- lobby bar stays open late with band or dj for latin dancing5- great spa ( $140 for 50 min hot stone massage ) cons :1- everything was so expensive at the hotel .
just to give you an idea on prices : $10 for a smallish mojito , pina coladas , etc  $6 for a can of beer , breafast buffet was about $30 per person ; tuna salad wrap with tortillas chips at the pool restaurant was $13.
i did not even try to eat dinner at the hotel restaurants because the menus seemed so pricey ( between $25- $35 per entree ) .
i think that 's just too expensive even if you are on vacation .2- you
need a car or get a taxi if you want to eat a mid priced meal .
we ate at a restaurant called antojitos that was moderately priced and had good puerto rican food .
it 's at the end of the road just before rt 3. i was disappointed that there was not alot of puerto rican food served at the hotel during the day .
i ate alot of american food .3- you
need to look at your bill carefully when you check out .
i was charged a bellman 's fee of $14 though i had never used any of the bellman 's services .
and a mini bar charge appeared on my bill and i ha not had anything from it . overall
the rio mar was just ok .
from what i hear , if you want to stay in this part of the island , the rio mar is the best you can do .
do not forget to rent a car .
the hotel shuttle to and from the airport is $60 per person .
for that amount , you 'll have a car to eat at restaurants outside the hotel and sight see .
we booked a package thru orbitz , and it included a car rental , for which we were grateful .
we had not realized how isolated the westin is ; getting back and forth to san juan is very expensive by taxi , and if the shopping trip jitney does not have more than six or eight people booked , it does not leave for san juan .
getting off the hotel grounds required a car . our room was nice , clean , and well - maintained .
the restaurants at westin were expensive - but i think most hotel restaurants in the caribbean are expensive as well .
food was edible , except at aqualuna , where we had some excellent , fresh , grouper .
service was slow at all the restaurants .
staff was always pleasant anywhere in the hotel .
beach and pool areas were fine .
feeding the iguanas was interesting .
but if you 're not a golfer or a hiker/birder ( the rain forest has many wonderful trails ) , there is not much to do and , as i said , getting transportation out of the westin is not easy .
on the plus side , it 's a very child - friendly place , and they do have a small casino ( which we did not find interesting ) .i think if we go back to puerto rico , i 'd pick a place closer to san juan or on one of the smaller isles , like vieques .
great staff - lousy location this is a great resort if you have kids and want a place where you do not have to do anything .
you can stay here and not have to leave , because there 's 8 restaurants , two pools , a huge beach and an abundance of activities .
i would not go back though .
we found the restaurants overpriced for what you got ( a typical evening meal for two of us with a nice bottle of wine and including tip was in the us$200 range ) , and the service was somewhat spotty .
we went to aqualuna for our anniversary dinner , and while our waiter was great , we felt completely rushed through our meal when our main course showed up while we were still eating our appetizers .
our meal at palio was good , but we were surrounded by families with tired cranky kids and when we asked to move were told there was no other table available .
we did not like the location of the resort all that much ( although that is totally personal preference ) because it was a long way from anywhere , and there was really no way to experience the island without paying a huge amount for taxi or taking one of the organized tours .
we did book with the concierge for the old san juan tour and the el yunque tour and thoroughly enjoyed both .
there was lots of time for just doing your own thing , which we appreciated .
we liked the actual resort for places to walk and run , and while we are not golfers , we talked to a lot of people who said the golfing was great .
evenings were a bit quiet , and we found there was not a lot to do if you did not want to sit and drink in the bar .
the beach bar closed at 5:30 which was disappointing because there was not a lot happening outside in the evenings .
the staff for the most part were friendly and helpful , and the internal shuttle was convenient .
another suggestion - if you 're staying in a mountain view room , ask for one that is not on top of the parking lot/entrance to the hotel .
it was not that pleasant to sit out on our little deck and have to put up with the noise of cars and shuttle buses coming and going .
the good and the bad heed the reviews of others to get a feeling for what to expect at the westin .
overall , it was 'average ', and we likely would not return .
we are both serious golfers and booked the 'unlimited golf package ' because of the two highly rated courses on the property .
this pkg .
included breakfast daily , no other meals .
we did not rent a car , so stayed within the property .
fyi . .if you have a rental car you will have to pay $15/day to self - park , or $20/day for valet parking .
beware that many of the 12 restaurants are closed , so choices are limited .
food is more expensive than expected even for a resort property .
make dinner reservations as soon as you arrive and scope out what is or will be open during your stay .
i recommend the iguana pub at the golf course for lunch and dinner , more reasonably priced and good choices available . the people/ employees are very nice , and service was good , which made it a more pleasant experience .
the grounds are impeccably clean and well maintained .
beach was beautiful , sandy and warm , no rocks , easy to enjoy .
rooms were clean and neat .
we booked an 'ocean view ' room and were given a room with the tiniest balcony . golf course catered to members and not resort guests .
the nicer of the two courses , the ocean , we were only allowed to play on twice .
you may be disappointed that on the ocean course you will only be near the ocean very briefly on hole #16.
blink and you will miss it .
river course was nice , runs along a noisy highway , but still a challenge . hotel seems to be primarily focused on convention business and professional meetings .
pool area was closed off at certain times for their private receptions .
on a good note , they smartly have a quiet pool and another pool for children and families . management is interested in feedback and held a small cocktail reception one evening asking guests what they liked and disliked about the stay . overall , for a westin property i was expecting it to be a notch up from what we experienced .
go and enjoy but be aware of the drawbacks .
also , allow time to straighten out your bill on day of departure .
rooms need improvement overall , a pretty decent resort .
the grounds and main area of the hotel were meticulously maintained , but honestly the rooms were mediocre .
our family travels a lot , so we may expect more , but i still think the rooms were not that clean and were sparsely decorated . aside from that , and on a positive note , you 'll enjoy the pool and beach .
so if you 're looking for a vacation filled with sun and water , this is a pretty good place to go . . . just get a good deal !
nice vacation the westin was a nice and clean hotel .
the rooms were spacious and housekeeping did a nice job keeping them clean all week .
there were two pools and one was designated for adults only although kids swam in it all week .
the activity pool or the kids pool was very crowded everyday and it was not cleaned very well each day .
the beach was nice and there were not a lot of people on it .
there are great waves if you like an ocean like that .
there are six resturants in the hotel and they all have good food but the cost of a meal is very expensive .
the hotel knows that there are not many options for food besides staying in the hotel because it costs so much money to rent a car or shuttle to leave the resort .
we went to old san juan and had a nice day .
we went to an amazing pizzera right up the block from the center square .
we truely enjoyed our stay but if you are looking for a hotel with action and things to do at night i would not reccommend staying here .
nice resort my husband and i stayed at the westin for 5 nights .
we had a great time .
we did not know what to expect after reading many mixed reviews about the resort , but the room was nice and clean .
the staff was very friendly .
we ate breakfast and lunch at marbella .
the food was okay , but service was shoddy .
we also had dinner at aqua luna .
the food was just warm not hot at all and the service was also shoddy .
luckily , we got great restaurant recommendations from raquel , one of the concierges .
we had great meals at antojito 's right before hitting rt 3 from the resort , mojitos in old san juan , pikayo in the museum of pr , lolita on rt 3 towards fajardo , and pasion por el fogon in fajardo .
we suggest renting a car if you are planning to stay at this resort because restaurants and attractions are far away .
if you plan on self parking , it is best to rent from avis b/c there is discounted parking for avis cars ( keep all your parking receipts , they may accidentally charge the parking to your room ) .
enjoy your trip !
read this before checking in !
our family takes a caribean holiday each spring break ( my husband and my two younger teen - aged kids ) .
this year we thought we 'd try something different . . . a larger hotel ( more for my 13- year - old to do than our usual boutique hotels ) .
we are used to very nice hotels .
i read the previews on this site the night before we left , and many came in handy ( and i knew what to expect ) however they left me a bit panicked ! it started off pretty bad , after a day of traveling we went to check into our ocean front room .
we were told that it was being cleaned and to go enjoy a complimentary dinner .
my husband was smart enough not to leave the desk , as wiithin the hour there were 20 unplaced families like ourselves .
finally at 7:00pm or so , he pulled the manager aside and said i know no one is checking out at 7:00pm . . . tell me the truth , you do not have a room for us the manager reluctantly agreed , no ocean front rooms availiable ( probably had not been any since noon ) sooooo why did they lie to us ? keep us waiting ?
aggrevate us from the get - go ?
we went into an ocean view room ( perfectly nice ) .
and we spent the next 2 days and several hours trying to get our ocean view finally we gave up , unpacked and started to enjoy vacation .
however a new problem arose . . . they did not want to give us an ocean view price for our ocean view room it was their error , we were being very cool , and three managers kept telling us that our ocean front rate was too low , that a mistake must have been made , and that was closer to the ocean view rate . fortunately , we adhered to trip - advisor rio mar advice #1: bring everything in writing get everything in writing .
even though our original check in for the ocean front went un challenged ( when it was being cleaned ) 3 days latrer we were asked 4 times by 3 different managers to see the original price in writing .
( which we did each time ) now all we wanted was the published difference between the ocean view and ocean front rates .
in a hotel with 600 rooms , corporate rates , priceline , hotels etc . . . . there must be 35 different hotel rates , i ca not believe they were surprised at our rate .
we were staying 9 nights after easter when typically in the caribbean seasonal rates go down .
eventually , a great fabulous professional named gabriel , took charge , adjusted the rate to the appropriate level and put it in writing .
( plus we got a fruit  wine basket ) .it all pretty much goes back to what so many have stated on this site , the hotel is beautiful ( as are the grounds ) really as nice as some four seasons and ritz 'z i 've stayed at , and the people were soooooooo friendly ( nicest of any island wev 'e stayed at in the caribean ) but orginizationally . . . .they have their heads up their butts .
i feel for the front desk people , it has to be more strressful than an air - traffic controller as far as jobs go .
there were sooooo many screaming patrons ( yet who can blame them ) .
do not take your frustrations out on the poor desk people , it 's not their policy to overbook and bate and switch . the place was family friendly , almost too loud for my taste .
ball - throwing , marco - polo playin , screamin 5 year olds in the quiet pool and adult only hot tub .
lot 's of parents afraid to say to their 6- year - olds stop screaming in the hall when people are sleeping the first 3 days of the trip were over easter weekend , and i was a bit panicked .
i think because of the holiday , local day - trippers made up half of crazed crowd .
they were all super nice but it created a strain on the already over booked facilities ( getting a chair was impossible , a table for lunch , a drink , bathrooms were trashed etc . . ) however once monday came ( and it was just the sold - out hotel guests ) it was quite nice . truth is , people should not belly ache about the food .
unless your at the cuisineart resort in anguilla , it 's as good as carribean hotel food gets .
now comes wacky problem #2, we were told during the check in process that no hotel restaurants had availiable reservations the entire 9 nights ! ! ! ) this was a recurring complaint on trip advisor .
i envisioned a week of trying to forage for food .
the next day we went to the conciergewho booked us in four of the nicer hotel restaurants at prime times (7:00 pmi sh ) so what was with the previous day ?
and yup , be prepared to pay , but not anymore than other comperable hotels in the islands .
we were thrilled beacuse after easter most resorts close all but one of their restaurants , we had 5 at night to choose from .
the coqui grill was really great , pretty fast ( beachside for lunch ) stay away from the funky - textured burger .
grouper snwich was fab .
loved the newest restaraunt by the beach villas ( agua luna ) and ate there twice .
liked palio too ( and i 'm italian ) , liked shima the asian place but not so much the entrees ( fill up on sushi , rolls and fab appetizers like the ribs and spring rolls . )
the grill at the club house was ho - hum but a ncie change of venue .
just atay away from the always open , no reservations needed maribel , even though it was the location of our complimentary meal . . . . it stunk .
ricks up the hill from the resort had a spectacular view but kinds medicocre food , antojitos at the junction of the hotel turn off was great and cheap ! loved the lobby bar with latin dancing and mojitos , casino was small but did the job wacky problem #3 even though craps tables ( my husband 's fav - orite game ) are pictured over and over again on the web site and the promotions . . . there are none .
on saturday night they had 4 wanna - be players for every table spot ( not so bad it probably saved us $200 in another nights lost wages ) .
additional tips : davids cookies , i wanna buy that particular franchise bust from day until night , great basketball courts , arcade for kids etc . . . cleaning woman was getting stingy with towels and shampoo .
there were 4 of us and she 'd only leave 3 towels and a mini - bottle every other day .
good news , call the service people they come right up with warm towles and a bag full o sundries ( mouthwash , bath gel etc . . . )the heavenly bed thing is just another slightly higher - end hotel chain gimic .
they all have their special named beds .
it was plenty comfortable , but the bottom 10 inches of the mattressed were not covered with a sheet , day after day the maid literally short sheeted the bed , there is no fear of a lack of tip , because of the hefty built in housekeeping fee already charged . no bed bugs , but both my husband and son were eaten alive ( and at the time they did not know it ) with some kind of no - se - um sand flies .
the bites were the result of evenings out , and did not show up until hours later , with the worst of the itching day two after being bitten .
i know they were not bedbugs as they were only and ankle/calve thing , and other my other kid and i were not affected .
makes me wonder about the bed bugs . . . these were mighty nasty and are still itching my husband here at home , but they are definately not bed bugs .
brings lots of bug spray and cortizone/anti itch cream .
gym was well equipted but crazy small and cramped .
it must have been 87 degrees , you 'd give into the heat before you 'd wear out aerobically .
i started going early afternoon to get a timy spot of mirror at the free weights . all in all a nice enough trip for the money , wo not go back as it was a bit to loud and the beaches were not the white - sand , blue waters we love . .
a little disorganized i arrived with a large group that was expected .
upon arrival at the check in desk we learned one agent would handle 40 checkins at 3am ( due to an airline mechanical delay ) .
after getting keys and room number (1 hour later ) we found that the room had not been readied for new guests and was in a total mess ( beds unmade , towels on the floor , used tissues everywhere ) .i called the front desk and was put on hold for 20 minutes .
after calling again i was told the manager was looking into it .
running back to the front desk and identifying myself as a starwood memeber i was told by the manager he was so sorry and was checking my claim . . . what he was checking i do not know .
amends were then made with the complimentary ocenfront room for no additional charge .
over 1 hour later room was pleasant , however apparently the records were never changed noting the room change .
every night our electronic keys were disabled and we were constantly told we had checked out .
four days later on the real checkout , room charges were seriosuly wrong and we were told that we were staying an extra day ( not comp , just had the dates wrong ) .
beautiful location , very poor front desk and back office management .
they need to get their hotel 's operations skills going if they are to succeed .
please read this if you are going my husband , 4 and 6 year old just got back from 5 days at the westin rio mar .
things to keep in mind in reading my review : 1. we stayed during school mid - winter break when every other family in the country travels , and 2. my standard of excellence for a caribbean resort is the atlantis in the bahamas , which i think is incredible for children and adults .
we have also stayed at the starfish trelawny in jamaica , which i found sub - par .
we have not been to any of the top top hotels i . e .
ritz carltons . accomodationswe had an ocean view room which has a side view of the ocean .
if you want full on , get ocean front .
the room was fine and clean but my son was definitely allergic to something in there , he was coughing all night .
if you take a shower around 5pm when everyone else is , having left the beach/pool , the water is warm , not hot . pool/beachthe pools are nice and well - maintained but i do not think they were heated .
it was fine for my kids but i found it a bit cold .
the beach is nice but the water 's rough , definitely had to hold my kids ' hands to wander in even a little bit .
this is key : people get up at 6:45am going to save the key seats by the pool under the umbrellas .
it got kind of ugly but if you do not go out early , you 'll be far from the pool .
around the perimeter of the pools are beautiful cabanas that are covered .
if possible , see if you can reserve one in advance .
if not , do it the second you get there with the towel clerk outside .
the hot tub is the hottest i 've ever felt which was fine once i got in but the kids found it too hot . casinoone small room .
not a casino for real gamblers . foodok , this is where it all falls down .
i was assured on the day before i arrived that i could book my dinners once i got there but i was not able to get anything until the third night of my stay .
there are three restaurants on the ground floor : shimas , palio , and marbella that all share the same kitchen .
and therefore , all the food that came out of it was equally mediocre and the selection extremely limited .
and the prices are outrageous .
it choked me to pay more for a steak at this hotel than at a top manhattan restaurant .
marbella is the restaurant where you go if you have no reservations .
this is where they have the breakfast buffet .
the best thing about it was the fresh oranges , grapefruit , and papaya .
everything else was standard fare .
they would do well to offer a dinner and lunch buffet a la marketplace at the atlantis where you had a huge selection of foods and desserts .
shimas is the asian restaurant .
the only good thing about it was the fresh noodles they used in the low mein .
but everything was sweet .
that 's not asian as far as i 'm concerned .
palio is the upscale italian joint .
the food , was again mediocre . if
you can , go to one of the restaurants off - site , which we did not do because we were too lazy .
we were told that las vegas is excellent and don pepe . servicethe service was fine .
we only had one waiter that was memorable .
jose at shimas . sightseeingto visit el yunque , which is the only thing close to the resort , is free , if you rent a car .
if you go on the hotel tour , it 's $38 per adult with a 10% discount for kids .
the rental cars were sold out so we decided to take a cab .
we got a 15 pax van and were told it would cost $200!
when i went to the concierge she explained that only certain taxis were authorized to enter the rain forest .
we got it down to $150 and paid the insane price because we were all packed up and ready to go and the kids were excited . in the end , it was a nice way to go because our driver was a local and took us to places the other tourists did not go , like a pair of waterfalls that you have to hike a little to get to .
the view from the tower is breathtaking . despite everything i 've written above , we had a good time because the kids enjoyed it so much .
but if i had my choice , i 'd go back to atlantis in a heartbeat .
hope that 's helpful .
disappointing stay my husband and i spent two nights here at the end of january following a caribbean cruise .
i 'm sure my impressions are colored by the fact that the weather was not very good and we were used to all the activities and dining choices of a celebrity cruise .
although we had requested a king size bed , we were given two doubles .
but this was quickly resolved and we were moved to another room with a king bed .
our biggest complaint is that there was not a lot to do given the bad weather .
only one restaurant ( marbella ? ) was easily accessible for lunch when we arrived .
the food was okay , certainly not outstanding .
a couple of the other restaurants near the hotel itself were closed .
the casino is very small , but just about the only thing to do in the evening if you do not care for the lobby bar music . we had a rental car and on our one full day there and drove to el yunque .
that was a fantastic experience , despite the rain .
( it is the rainforest , after all ) !
we then drove around the eastern end of the island and had a very good dinner at a local puerto rican restaurant ( metropol ) where we appeared to be the only mainlanders there . all in all , the rio mar is not a place i would be eager to return to , especially if i were paying for it rather than using starwood points .
not bad , but not great either i definitely think some of the reviews on this site are a little harsh because while we definitely had some complaints the overall experience was not bad and i had a nice time .
i recommend visiting the el yunque forest as well as a local restaurant called the bamboo room ( i think ) .
the food was excellent , service was delightful and the entertainment was great .
probably easiest to make a list of pluses and minuses : pluses : - room was gorgeous , well appointed and clean .
room service was excellent and brought plenty of clean towels , non - allergic pillows and even a light bulb when we noticed one of the lamps was not working .
we stayed in a regular garden view room one night and a suite the next two . -
staff was very friendly . -
beach was very nice , especially for swimming . -
pools/hot tubs were gorgeous and clean ( definitely not dirty ) . -
the food at the hotel restaurants , while expensive , was very good . -
the golf course , although i did not play , was gorgeous .
the grounds of this hotel are very well kept and reminded me of south seas plantation in florida . minuses : - we could not get the concierge to either help us in person or return phone calls .
a request to make a dinner reservation was forgotten .
i do not blame the staff but clearly there are not enough people employed in this capacity to cater to guest needs .
- you must make reservations every night for dinner or else they 'll make you wait until 10 - even if there are available tables .
- it is next to impossible to get a drink at the tiki bar by the pool , and the waitress service takes forever . -
i had a hard time getting drinks at the lobby bars as well . -
there is not much local nightlife .
i went with a group of 20- somethings ( singles and couples ) and there really was not much to do aside from the casino .
i do think however that it would be a great spot if you have kids . -
this is definitely a convention hotel , so there were hoards of people from one company or another milling about the entire time we were there , and the restaurants were clogged with reservations for parties of 30 and 40.
not a lot of attention/sympathy given to individual guests . i probably wo not return , but i did not have nearly as bad an experience as some of the reviewers on this site .
would not go back i was nervous about this resort b/c of unfavorable reviews - -but the truth is , it 's a nice resort , large , pretty , well - kept .
the room was a bit dusty but i suspect that was b/c it had not been occupied in a while .
the resort was very busy and crowded for thanksgiving week .
i would not go back partly for this reason - -it 's not the kind of place where you are getting away from it all by any stretch of the imagination .
the beach is ok , but when we were there the water was muddy as hell b/c the river nearby had dumped debris from recent rains .
food was pretty bad , and way overpriced - and do not kid yourself , it 's the same food no matter which hotel restaurant you go to .
pool was nice although $90 for a canopy is a joke .
drinks overpriced but strong .
one important point to make : i read that the service was terrible - -i have to disagree - i received great service the whole time - my only complaint was that b/c we arrived at 4am we were left with the dregs of room choices .
all in all , not the nicest westin property by far , but not a nightmare either .
beautiful grounds . . . not much else perhaps generous to give the rio mar 3 stars . . . while the grounds and beach were beautiul , the facility itself was lacking . .of the advertised 12 restaurants , only 5 were open , and of those 5, only 3 at the main facility , one of which was the tiki bar , open for lunch only ( hot dog , hamburger , chicken sandwich , nachos , buffalo wings . . . period . )the
housekeeping was spotty at best , no service at all the first day , and had to request towels on two others .
perhaps the reason a fee is included in your room tarrif . as has been stated . . . .get a car . there are a couple of good local restaurants nearby , ( antojito 's in particular ) , but you 'll pay $15 for a cab to go a 1/2 mile off the westin groundsthe shuttle from the airport thru the westin was the same price as a taxi from the airport . . . where 's the deal in that ? the absolute best feature of the property is the heavenly beds . . . do not know if i 've ever slept better in a hotel .
a so so westin experience my husband and i are platinum preferred starwood guests and have the good fortune of staying at many beautiful starwood properties .
this property was not one of our favorites .
the room was a bit odd , and not very clean .
housekeeping was less than perfect . . . many hairs were found on the sheets upon arrival , and on the bathroom floor .
this is a tropical environment , however we were greeted by a colony of tiny non - biting ants in our room upon arrival .
the food was fair to good .
if you can exist on black bean soup than you should be fine .
otherwise , plan to hit the several burger kings you pass on the way to the resort .
because , finding good native food remains a mystery to us still .
the hotel seems to recognize and capatlize on its guests as captives reality , and offer high priced poor quality food and drinks .
of course , as mentioned , the black bean soup is actually very good , as is the churassco .
the beach is actually quite good , very pretty with plenty of towels and nice lounge chairs .
the gym is not good , and super - hot .
plus , the blasing electronica makes working out a possible panic attack .
the captive birds as lobby decor are quite depressing , and we were dissapointed to find a starwood property embracing animal cruelty . finally , the worst problem with this property is the location , it is truly in the middle of a long depressing road lined with burger kings and ramshackle shops .
we would explore other option closer to san juan if we return .
westin during low season the reviewer from charlotte nc 10/25 and i seem to have had the same westin experience - from enjoyment of the pool/beach , to the lack of quality food , to the excellent tour guide harry , to hit or miss housekeeping ( avoid eating in the room as they do not sweep and any crumb will result in a swarm of ants ) .
so i will keep this short by saying absolutely everything s/he said is true and far from nitpicky . a couple of additions :1) i too am a starwood member .
when i arrived i asked for a room on the preferred floor but was told none were available .
instead we were given a room that was nothing short of disgusting . . . it smelled like a sewer and the bathroom was covered in mold .
upon complaining to the front desk , we were promptly moved to a cleaner , mold and odor free room . . . surprisingly on the preferred starwood floor .
it turns out the hotel was less than 20% full .
why were not given such a room in the first place is a mystery , and the fact that they had rooms in such bad shape is shocking for a '4- star ' hotel .
2) if you rent a car , which is almost a must staying at the westin , be forewarned that driving in puerto rico can be a nightmare .
even the locals told us it is difficult to get around unless you 're familiar with the area .
we wasted far too much time lost and we had 'the most detailed map ' available .
street names are absent or change frequently , or are not found on maps .
we finally gave up and started taking the small group tours and found it much more relaxing .3)
special thanks and commendation to brenda lee ( waitress at the iguana pub ) , and as mentioned previously , harry the tour guide .
half and half i was there for a convention and came in 4 days early to see some of pr .
my 1st 4 nights were in an oceanview jr suite .
very nice , roomy and clean .
the heavenly bed was wonderful and the housekeeping staff was very prompt and did a good job .
when i move to a standard room at the start of convention , it was like i had moved to another planet .
the bed was still wonderful , but housekeeping went to the dogs .
the room was not cleaned by 6:00pm on three of the 5 nights we stayed .
coffee was not replenished .
as for the hotel itself , it is very nice and spacious .
pool area was clean and very kid friendly .
towels are provided , but make sure they clear your room # off when you turn them in .
the beach area was great and i never had a problem finding a chair .
however , there can be a shortage of cabanas or umbrellas , but hey , i was there for the sun .
most of the staff was very courteous and helpful .
the buffets were good but $$$ .
other restaraunt food was good also .
try to get off the grounds and eat at some of the small local hole in the walls , yum .
tours were high$$ but the biobay tour was worth it .
hard work manuevering the kayak in the ocean , but it is not a sight you get to see very often .
rental car is a must if you want to go anywhere , they do charge for parking however .
san juan is an hour away , as well as the forest .
you can rent directly from the hotel if only want to use a car for a few days .
beach was wonderful my husband and i stayed at the westin - we are not well traveled 4star hotel goers , however , we were not overly impressed .
the hotel was beautiful , as well as the surrounding grounds .
the restaurants were nice - and the food was okay .
we did enjoy marbellas - even though the least expensive bottle of wine was $52.00! upon arriving we were placed in a room with a parking lot view and the room reeked of cigarette smoke .
we called down to the front desk - and within 5 minutes we were switched to a mountain view room - very nice .
the breakfast buffet was great and the beach was wonderful - very relaxing - as long as you set up a little further down the beach .
the pool was very disappointing .
extremely crowded , kids everywhere , the pool water was sickeningly warm and there was tons of hair floating around .
needless to say we stayed at the beach every day that we were there .
overall the westin was average - nothing great - nothing terrible .
loved the heavenly beds !
i stayed for one night with my two children and my mother .
the previous years we have stayed at el conquistador in fajardo .
although we love el conquistador , the kids liked the westin better because it is closer from the metropolitan area/airport .
also , they really enjoyed having the beach within walking distance from the room - -you must take a ferry to a private beach at el conquistador .
the kids had a great time body surfing and they enjoyed playing in the main pool .
the pool in front of our building was closed for renovations .
the grounds are beautiful .
we loved the heavenly beds ! dinner at marbella was ok .
the food is over priced and the service is slow .
my son 's burger came out without his fixings and even though we told them - -they never delivered the fixings/condiments .
there was no follow - up by the waiter immediately after the food was delivered .
we have experienced the same service in other local restaurants - -but we thought it was not going to be the norm at the westin .
nice - but depends on how much you pay we stayed at the westin for a long weekend after booking the room on priceline .
the first thing i would say is that when you book on priceline , i always wonder if you get the worst room in the house .
in this case , it was true .
our room was worn with zero view . the resort itself is nice , the landscaping is really pretty .
the service needs some help though , both at poolside and in general , the staff does not have a great amount of attention to detail .
example - when we self - parked , we were not told that we 'd have to walk 3 flights up to return to the lobby b/c the elevator was broken .
the valet just directed us to the parking lot without saying a word .
it 's a great family place , so much so that noone minds when not so quiet children swim in the quiet pool or better yet , make a kiddy pool out of the jacuzzi . the few meals we had there as well were no that great , very average but not as expensive as other reviewers indicated .
when you are in a resort - this is what one should expect to pay . all in all , worth the trip but not if you spend $200+/night . . . we paid half of that and felt fine .
nice if you 're with a family and do not want to leave the resort my husband and i went last september for a quick weekend getaway .
the resort is beautiful !
the casino is small ( but provides the opportunity to gamble for the addicts ! )
the restaurants are average .
the facilities are clean !
my only issue was it was an older crowd (40's to 70's ) .
lots of children running around .
and no nightlife/entertainment in the resort .
it 's a great place to go if you are traveling with your family and are looking for sun , swimming and not much else .
everything was so far - we needed a cab/bus to get out .
also - the drive from the airport to the hotel was a bit appalling !
lots of shacks .
definitely not a scenic ride !
but you would never think this resort is amidst all that poverty .
disappointed i was disppointed by the worn out look of the rooms at the westin .
the beds were comfortable as expected but the bedskirt was dirty and the curtains had mold and mildew in them .
the surface of the bathroom was clean but the back of the door and moldings were dirty .
i found public areas of the hotel very nice and the beach was okay .
i would not go back to the hotel nor would i recommend it to others until there is some major refurbishment done to the rooms .
good for groups just got back from a week at the westin rio mar with my girlfriend .
overall , despite cloudy / rainy weather , we had an ok time , but i doubt we 'll go back .
here are my observed pros and cons : pros : -beautifully maintained grounds and facilities - golf - ocean course ( nice course , but only 1 hole is on ocean ) -comfortable beds - big bathrooms - nice beach ( for northern pr standards ) -grille room ( steakhouse ) and shimas ( asian / sushi ) cons : -marginal service - remote (45+ minutes from san juan ) -marbella , and aijili mojili restaurants ( poor food ) -no outdoor dining options after 4:00 ( not even bar food ! ) - casino is small ( only 1 blackjack table was open on most nights ) -golf - river course ( hopelessly muddy and unplayable while i was there ) -golf - cost ( even ocean course is not worth $165 a round ) -lots of conference groupsit seems this place is really focused on conferences , and not the individual traveler .
seems like a good option for families as well .
unless you want to golf several times , i would recommend couples or singles stay at one of the isla verde hotels instead ( ritz , el san juan , intercontinental ) .
price does not match services we are a family with two teens .
the hotel accomodates children well , but those with teens may have a less enjoyable time .
the music in the lounge is low key and in a formal environment .
the children are not allowed in the casino and the pool hours are restricted in the evening . . . . so there is little to do for teens after the dinner hour .
i would suggest a hotel with a teen club , internet cafe , pool table , etc . if traveling with those 15-20. the tours from the hotel are very expensive as is the shuttle to/from the airport .
an off - site car rental is well worth the savings .
( that includes the $10.00 per day parking fee ) .
( the rainforest is across the highway - - a 10 minute drive and is definitely not worth the price of the tour ! )
the hotel food service is slow ! !
the beverage service in the casino is the worst i have ever experienced .
the concierge desk needs more help .
the casino cashier never has anyone in line - -therefore , no one is cashing in !
the drinks are very expensive .
the beach is poor and has trash on it . the iguana feeding is interesting even for adults .
the beds are comfy . the temperature is one of the only reasons to return . this vacation was experienced over thanksgiving break .
many families filled the hotel , and the hotel accomodates those with small children .
a one week stay at the westin we just returned from a one - week stay at the westin - - a family vacation .
i had read all the reviews extensively , about this hotel before leaving .
the flavor that you get from reading these reviews is accurate .
the hotel grounds and beach are first class .
the beach privacy is perhaps its best feature .
the beach is well - maintained , groomed every morning , and there were adequate chairs and beach umbrellas .
the pools were beautiful , and very nice .
the rooms are just average - -not fancy by any stretch of the imagination .
they are well soundproofed .
they served well the only function that we could request of them - - a place to sleep .
we found the staff to be friendly and polite and attentive .
i was continually amazed at the check - in line at the front desk , every day .
they are truly long waits regarding check - in .
the price of drinks is unfortunately and unnecessarily ridiculous - - a glass of wine costs $10 and beach drinks - -8.50.
we did like the breakfast buffet ( did that twice ) which is served in the main facility - - at a price of $18 for adult and nine dollars for children ( once my 19 and 16 year olds were childern - -the other time adults ; go figure ) .
what we did for most breakfasts however was to buy boxes of dry cereal , local fruit , plastic bowls , plastic spoons , and purchase a large glass of fresh milk at the snack bar every morning .
much cheaper .
they do have a nice outdoor lunch facility near the end of the larger pool for very nice sandwiches and french fries .
soft drink refills are free .
the lunch menu items are about 10-12 dollars each , and splitting a sandwich provides ample portions .
cactus jack 's was only average , and expensive .
the grill was supposedly our fancy dinner for the vacation - - our last night .
it was very stiff and formal .
entrees averaged about $40- - a total of $250 for four people and less than average quality .
there is a nice shopping plaza in fijardo - -about a 15 minute drive further east from the hotel , which has several choices for restaruants/dining/theaters at a much more affordable cost .
i would definately rent a car from the airport ( hotwire ) , which we were able to get for 26$ a day .
the additional $10 per day parking fee at the hotel is somewhat insulting , but seems to be standard these days .
there is quite a great distance between parking and the hotel - - more than a five - minute walk .
the hotel is directly across from the road that goes to the rain forest - -which is free if you do not stop at the visitors center .
we were able to drive into san juan/old san juan without too much difficulty and is a definate must do - - it is approximately 30 minute drive .
in fijardo we were able to do a bio bay kiak tour ( you can bargin to get to a price of 25-30$ per person ) , and a separate cataraman snorkel excursion ( eastwind - -59$ per person - -lunch , drinks and gear provided - -a 6 hour adventure ) .
the concierge desk will give written directions about how to reach these places , and be sure that you get these directions .
we found driving to be very confusing .
the roads are narrow and often in poor condition .
there is no such thing as a street sign anywhere , and we encountered difficulties in this respect on numerous occasions .
the directions from the concierge desk will be very beneficial in that they are given in terms of stoplights and landmarks to allow you to get to your destination .
driving by yourself will save you substantial amounts of money in terms of the price that would cost if you arranged these functions through the hotel and their transportation .
i have no regrets about this choice for lodging , and would stay there again .
i would be happy to reply to questions/advice such as i am able to provide .
nice i recently stayed at the westin rio mar and i can say that we had a pleasurable visit .
the hotel was very nice and the service was okay .
when we firsty got there , our room were not ready ( along with about 10 others ) so we had to wait an hour and half after traveling for almost 12 hours to get there .
we had a problem with our bathroom and after calling 4 times and dealing with a nasty house maid we were moved the food was great but very expensive . there is not much to do on the resort expecially at night .
it 's best to rent a car and tour the island yourself .
cab fare is absolutely ridiculous .
nice , but not the best the building and grounds were beautiful , also , it was great to have a nice balcony to relax on and a coffeemaker in the room , with a supply of coffee .
however , the restaurants are only fair yet very over - priced and they are pretty much the only game in town .
not much else in the area .
also , they call themselves a golf resort yet closed the golf course for a private tournament which excluded hotel guests without any advanced notification .
do not know how often they do that .
all in all , it was a nice vacation , but i would not go back .
good but not only 3 ! /2
stars for a supposed 5 star property we were not impressed , our rating 3 1/2, here 's why .
the room 6110 faced directly down the beach to the west , a beautiful view , no complaints there .
the hotel itself is beautiful , valet parking is quick , staff is responsive and courtious , pools warm , coffee in the room was terrific ( wish i could get it at home ) .
shower very good , sheets too small .
food as follows : marbella , good $10 club sandwich for lunch , breakfast $18 buffett fair , hamburger , eh .
cactus jacks , food good , very large portions , pool table , bar .
note : get a list of restaurant closing days and plan ahead .
off property recommendations : metropol restaurant in fajardo 10 mins .
try dessert called dirt a vanilla mousse secret recipe , we are going to try it at home .
marvelous menuand service .
high speed trip to flamenco beach on culebra island on board an east wind excursions power catamaran , great .
negatives : our room had a pedestal sink that was not connected to the wall tightly and when you leaned on it or bumped into it there was an annoyingly loud sound that would disturb any sleepers in the room .
the maintenance people were in over their heads on this one and we gave up .
we must add : all the people we came into contact with were a joy to deal with , one moreso than the other .
puerto ricans are a wonderful people !
we spent a long time touring in our week there and never had a bad experience , all you do is ask for help .
caution : driving is wild unless you are used to new york city and off the major roads there are only a few road signs , get good directions .
ps : smoke in the lobby outside the casino and smoke everywhere inside .
do the bio - bay trip .
good experience , went for golf .
stayed in a regular junior suite .
room a little worn but clean and a great location ( bldg 20) near beach , pool and restaurants .
breakfast was okay except for the omeletter maker who was slow as molasses and made only 1 at a time .
dinner was excellent at the special restaurants which required reservations ( fuego , vento  la romantica .
check the schedule when you arrive and make your dinner reservations for the week as there are usually 4 or 5 open per nite .
the seafood restaurant was horrible ( lobster tails that were overcooked and tasted like mush ) .
the brazilian was fair and had an odor as you walked in .
not much of a drinker but what i saw was impressive ( all top shelf ) .
main purpose of the trip for my wife and me was the golf .
the course ( cocotal ) was very nice and in excellent shape .
the shuttle to the course was inconvenient ( a normal 10 minute ride that would take 30 minutes with stops and ran once an hour ) .
you can only book tee times 1 day ahead , so if you want a desired tee time early you can book ahead of time online for $10.
because of the shuttle schedule we took a taxi several times ( $20.
tip ) .
the paradisus punta real  melia tropicale are much closer to the golf .
went to the time share vacation club to get a certificate to reuturn for 6 nites room only .
they do not understand the word no until i finally raised my voice in a crowded room .
when you have to wait at the airport for your return fiight go to terminal 2 and wait .
it 's more comfortable , air conditioned and finally found real ice cream at baskin robbins .
improve the food and you could have a 5 star stayed on the reserve side .
there are 2 sides to this resort , the less expensive , which is older side , but closer to the beach and more restaurants .
and then there is the reserve , which is their brand new luxury suites that just recently opened .
the decor is gorgeous , punta cana beach is stellar on a sunny day .
on the reserve side it is a bit of a walk to get to the beach , or you have to wait for a tram if you do not want to walk .
the food definitely needs to be improved and the service is hit or miss .
improve the food and service and this could be a 5 star all inclusive resort experience .
beautiful resort horrible food the resort is beautiful with all the nature and flowers everywhere .
we went for a wedding and stayed in the reserve side of the resort .
we had to pay an additioal $100 for the week  it was well worth it !
the reserve has it 's own pool and swim up bar and it is much nicer than the other side .
it also has lunch right there  they 'll bring it to you by the pool .
the rooms are new and big .
the are all marble with flat screen tvs  jacuzzi baths .
when you stay on the reserve side only people there can use the facilities , so you never have a problem getting towels or chairs .
it is farther from the beach , but it 's a quick walk or easy golf cart ride .
we did get a couples massage and it was very relaxing  one of the best i 've ever had . the only disappointing part was the food , we think .
we went down with a large group of 50 people and by the end of the trip almost everyone had become sick with stomach problems .
some lasting days .
we assume it was the food which really is not that great .
the best lunch food is pizza and believe it or not the best restaurant is the chinese place , which does not require reservations .
if you want to go to the japanese , mediterranean or island fusion restaurant you need to make reservations where you have to stand in a long line , so i recommend getting it over with on the 1st day . the staff is very friendly  nice , but when you ask them to do something they do not usually you always get a no . overall i do not think i 'd go back b/c i am a food person  that 's an important part of a trip for me .
but the resort is clean beautiful  relaxing .
very nice , but not excellent just returned from a week at the paradisus .
i have been reading the reviews for months now so felt it important to provide my input . rooms - outdated .
need a face - lift .
bathroom was odd with the saloon doors .
our closet door did not slide so it was no use to us .
need more drawer space .
not fond of the shower/jacuzzi setup .
no bugs to report ( thank goodness ) .
staff cleaned it daily and usually in the am which was nice . property - beautifully landscaped .
very nice . trams - readily available beach - beautiful turquoise water .
would have been nice to have bar service on the beach .
had to walk to the bar ( which was not far ) but the drink was warm by the time you got back to the beach .
we had waves at our section of the beach which was great the kids for boogie - boarding and body surfing .
saw topless woman ( and no , they are not all over 50 either ) .
after a few pass by , you tend not to notice anymore . activities - we did the dune buggy .
fun , fun , fun .
wear clothes that you do not mind throwing out or using later for trash clothes .
you get pretty dirty on this adventure , but i recommend it .
we snorkeld through the hotel .
short time in the water , but the ride out to the reef was beautiful .
one thing i suggest you do not do is the whale raft which you 'll see going back and forth in the water .
our group went on it and were dumped into the water in minutes .
very angry that it took us time to get back onto the rafe .
i ended up swimming back into shore .
the rest of the group did it for a while longer and requested to be brought in .
food - buffet 's were good - after a few days you do get tired of it but the variety was good .
we were lucky and had the restaurants booked by our conciegure .
all were good .
hear that some had trouble getting in . pool - very nice , big . . . the water was a big warm but what do you expect in humid weather : ) tipping - bring 1's and 5's .
they do appreciate the extra tips . check - in - no problem in checking in or out .
very pleasant . staff - we inadvertently left our safe key in the safe - - the staff returned the key to the front desk for us to pick up .
everything in the safe ( all our money , passports , etc ) were all there .
the staff person was very honest ( and was rewarded by a nice tip ) .
needs work to be a 4 or 5 star .
first time stay in june recommended by a friend with ( supposedly ) good taste for the high life .
stayed in a garden suite .
bathroom does not have a door , they have saloon doors .
a one person jacuzzi is also the shower squeezed in with the toilet .
mold around the back part of tub since the water from shower falls and does not drain .
mold spots on the shower curtain .
mosquitoes bit me every night , even with off ! ! purchased for $15 us at their store .
beds are hard , no washclothes and maid forgot to give us handtowels two days in a row or fill the tissue box . 10 restaurants yes , but only 4 or 5 are open every day and you are required to make reservations with your assigned concierge every morning , fingers crossed that the system is workning and not slow .
formal wear is required for some restaurants ( pants , collar shirts for men ) .
lunch and breafast are decent buffets .
some restaurants are much better than others , most of the food is bland .
they lack spice or look full of flavor but not really .
staff barely smile and seem happy .
they are horrible horrible in bringing you drinks , even water , during the buffets .
i saw staff every where , but not when i needed a drink , or a spoon .
i see the congregate and chat .
never saw any supervisor .
sand is very fine and gets every where !
absolutely no beverage service on the beach which - in my opinion - removes a star .
a lot of lounge chairs are broken due to fat people plotting their asses too hard on the fabric .
metal on chair is too hot to place your arms on the arm rest .
ok to go topless on beach but not observed at pool .
pool is nice and calm with lots of shady areas , but too shallow for it to be cool when it was 90 or 85 out with 100% humidity .
spa is ok .
locker room is very small .
the hotel uses a combo of golf carts and gas golf cars to tote you back and forth from the lobby and beach .
they claim to be eco friendly but not really if they use disel or cas cars for inner transport .
i would not go again and i would not recommend .
i went for rest and relaxation .
for two days i had convention people encroaching on my beach peace .
i did enjoy the beach and pool and it was nice to have food variety included .
b+ value for the money , we would visti again we would return to paradisus as the good outweighs the bad and , as returning guests , the knowledge gained from a prior visit would make for a more enjoyable return stay . the beach - - soft white sand , very wide , gentle surf , absolutely world class .
plenty of chairs as well as abundant shelter from the sun available .
[a+]water sports - - sailing , kayaking , scuba .
one free scuba dive per day , resort supplies all equipment .
divemasters were great .
[b+]food - - breakfast and lunch buffets were always very good .
lots of fresh fruit and many , varied choices of food .
dinner selections varied from inedible ( no exaggeration ) to very good in the same restaurant on the same night .
this is where experience comes in ; at albufera order the tenderloin not the sirloin .
fuego was the standout with excellent food and outstanding service .
bottled water and other drinks always readily available .
[breakfast = a , lunch = b , dinner = ya never know could be an a could be an f]staff - - generally helpful , but not overly so .
overall a b - to c+ .
in the restaurants if the manager was friendly/guest - oriented so was the staff .
if the manager was surly ( and some were ) , well . . . rooms - - not bad but not great .
everything worked , quiet , comfortable beds , but showing some wear and tear .
not likely you will spend much time there , however .
[b - ]fitness center - - small , but top of the line lifefitness equipment .
[b+]transportation - - resort is large and shuttles were readily available to get you around .
[b+]casino - - small and pretty laid back .
[b]security - - use the safe in your room or , better yet , the safe deposit boxes in the lobby .
the resort may have a theft problem as cash appears to have gone missing on several ocassions from several of the rooms occupied by our group .
[d - ]punta cana airport - - updated , nice and efficient .
one of the easier ins/outs we 've had in the caribbean .
[a]overall value for the money is a b+ .
consistent and better dinner would make a huge difference as would updated rooms .
the resort does not knock your sox off like the ritz - - cancun , for example , but the cost is also in a different stratosphere .
paradisus is very comparable to moon palace - - cancun or swept away - - negril , jamaica . so , again , we 'd go back for the killer beach and now that we know what restaurants and foods to avoid .
next time would probably try staying on the reserve side of the resort to see if it 's worth the extra $$$s .
ok but only jusr stayed here in 1999 and this time everywhere is far far busier , as expected .
beach is fabulous but crowded .
we upgraded to royal service , not sure the extra we paid was fully worth it .
true you do have the rooms with the best views but they are a little tired and need of renovation and certainly redecoration .
the grounds are great as as the staff .
the food was a little disappointing until we ate at the sister complex , the reserve , far better here , ate there for 4 nights out of the 7. french , and seafood rest .
very disappoining .
also make sure you are fully aware of what is on offer as part of the fully invclusive - all water sports .
there is also an inclusive wine list which they seem reluctant to give out ! ! tghere is strange retro music throughtout the grounds , this grated after a while but that may be personal taste .
one review did say the drinks were diluted , utter nonsense , they are always plentiful and too strong at times .
be aware of the activities in the main lobby and at the reserve , daily lists are simply not available and in the rooms there is no composite document of what the hotel has to offer .
there is a great gym for use in the reserve but nothing is on hand to alert you to that fact ! ! overall , location great and enjoyed our stay , royal service , not sure .
the rs restauarant and private beach was welcomed but it came at a price .
its not what we call ; 5 start in theuk but it was a good week .
not exactly paradise at the paradisus after reading all the reviews  just returning from my stay there here is the bottom line : the good - - grounds are beautifuly landscaped  immaculate . -rooms are very nice  spacious - restaurant decor is very romantic and well decorated - gabi bar on the beach is relaxing and very cool place to hang - beautiful beach - love the bali beds , plenty of lounge chairs in the sun and shade - great pool - had a great massage at the spathe bad - - food is awful , i lost weight at the all inclusive due to not eating - service overall is not good unless you find a regular and tip them .
- i know americans are spoiled  expect everyone to speak english but just know most of the staff does not speak english - this is a problem if you do not speak spanish . -steam
room at spa did not work  the hot tub was not so hot - scuba diving is not great be aware the dr is very international - you will see lots of topless women ( many of which you would not want to see naked )  weenie bikins .
we had no problem with bugs in our room but do take bug spray if you go to the beach at night .
overall , it is a nice resort but i will not return due to the service and food .
if they could improve the quality of the food it would be an outstanding resort for the price .
just remember it is the class that it is which is not a 5 star hotel so do not expect the four seasons / ritz treatment here .
opinions of a young couple . . . my boyfriend and i just got back from the paradisus punta cana .
overall our experience was average .
i 'll mention what i liked first . . . the beach is picture perfect . .gorgeous gorgeous and the set up that the hotel has is nice . . . they have these really nice beach chairs and gorgeous large huts for the shade . .one of the best beach set ups on the strip .
we did not pay for the royal service and to be honest it did not look as if it was worth the extra $$ , all they got was beach beds and small pool .
the pool was a lot of fun . . . it 's a pretty big pool and it 's not too deep just perfect .
the rooms , i found , to be very nice and spacious .
we had a nice lounge area and a balcony which i would not recommend anyone to step out if they do not have 'off ', the mosquito 's will do a number on you ! the grounds were very nicely kept , the landscaping is just breathtaking .
very nature friendly . what i disliked . . . the food , i did not like the selection of their theme restaurants .
it seems like they need to redo their menus .
i was looking for typical dominican food and they tend to americanize their menus which upset me .
we ended up sticking with the buffet restaurants where they had a better selection of different foods . another thing that bothered me is that in order to get to the reception/lobby , you have to take these mini carts to get there because the grounds were so big .
i hated having to wait for these carts that usually pass about every 10 minutes . we attempted to walk outside of the grounds to the plaza where they sell souvenirs . . . we ended up making a u - turn after the first three stores . . . there was wayyyyyyyy too much hasseling and fussing and whistling and yelling just so that you go visit their store . altogether , i would not recommend this for couples looking for 'action '.
the nightlife is a little lame .
but if you 're looking to do absolutely nothing and just lounge then this might definitely work for you .
beautiful grounds - relaxing environment we ( myself , husband , and son (5) ) went to paradisus punta cana for 4 nights .
i would recommend the hotel to others .
we also encountered many of the complaints that are noted in many of the trip advisor reviews .
however , we also noted that our check - in was breeze and our room was ready before 2 pm .
no bug problems on ground level room in building 22.
just spotty service in many other respects . i had tried to contact the hotel via email prior to arrival , but they never responded .
i 'd say for families looking to save a couple of $$ .
do not opt for the family concierge .
it think that it was about $100usd more a night ( maybe more ) , but not worth it unless you have no desire to even make reservations for yourself - and we did not get in one night somewhere so it would have been better if i 'd just done it myself earlier . . . . .
gorgeous but not fantastic - gorgeous beaches  grounds - very humid ! - a lot of spanish workers - not a lot of information given to you so you have to take it upon yourself  - food not very good ( we went to the buffet for dinner quite a bit ) - family memeber got sick so just be careful ( but do not eat only salads because we were told that could have been it ) - very good  thorough doctor - stay hydrated - use sunscreen !
- stay on the beach , there is a breeze .
pool is pretty but way too hot over there - kayaking in the ocean sounds fun but it really hurts your [lower] back so i would not recommend it  - parasailing is very good .
wish it could be longer , but very good .
worth it , i would say .
- if you want more privacy on the beach , i recommend going downs toward the north end of the beach ( left if your looking at ocean ) ; a lot more space even though it is a bit further from the bars ( it was close to our room so it worked out great , plus you 're right next to the water sports ) - on your door , you can put on a card that says do not disturb ( like in most hotels here ) but we were not told we had to have it flipped over to where it said , 'please make up the room . ' our room was still being cleaned every day but on the third night they didnt come at all and it was 10pm and our room was still not done all because of the sign which was never a problem before , so to be sure when you leave in the morning flip it over to that side - massages were pretty good ( had better , had worse ) .
they give you this little robe though so for men i recommend wearing the towel they give you around you first then the robe .
- do not buy anything on the beach it 's a rip off . the gift store in the lobby is your best bet . it is quite expensive , but surprisingly its a bit cheaper than in the airport .
- the tv in the room gets channel nbc 4! so it was nice to wake up to the 'today show ' and one of the only english speaking ones .
( it also gets cnn , a fuzzy fox news , and a few others ) - someone had mentioned that a 5 star to them is like a 3 star to us . . . could not agree more .
coming from jersey our expectations were a bit too high for this much slower paced and carefree society 
watch the time/share sales pitch ! ! ! ! !
as everyone says , the hotel and grounds are beautiful .
the vacation over all was a memorable one , but the food was just okay .
breakfast and lunch buffets were good , but the restaraunts were not so good , they are hot , and they were very slow .
the room service was even slower , and i could not get them to deliver a beer to the room thru service or the mini bar . . . which had only water , and could not get them to restock even the sodas . the included excursions were hard to do , everything had a waiting list .
the batting cage/archery never opened on time , and remember to wear long pants and shoes for horseback riding or your not going ( no one informed us when signing up ) i also left some pictures behind that we had taken , and could not get a call back or e - mail response from any of my inquires .
poor customer service !
speaking of . . . . . when we first arrived , they were up our butts with smiles and helping .
they even hounded us until we listened to their buy a timeshare/membership routine the 2nd day we were there , after we declined , so did the service and smiles .
it 's almost like they see the braclet that you have to wear for the all - inclusive , so they slow food , drink down , so you wo not get too much for your money .
they even collected the bracelets you left . . . .how cheap ! ! !
i was really blown away by having to sit thru a sales pitch on my vacation ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
fun despite everything i cant believe some of the other reviews .
i came here in april with some colleagues for a presidents club ( company sales team excursion ) .the negatives : the staff in the hotel are very friendly but the service is appalling .
on arrival they offer you a drink ; we ordered fruit punch and they brought something that resembled yellow sugar water instead .
the bell boy took my colleagues and me with our luggage in the cart to the rooms , and then managed to forget my room number between the bottom of the staircase and the second floor . it took him 45 minutes to work it out , although i left my door open .
apparently he took my name off my colleague and called reception who had no record of my checking in .
this became a pattern , when people called me at the hotel they not only had no record of me but they had no record of my room number .
i could go on and on . apparently i had an upgraded room , but it faced a building site for what seems to be another mega - hotel next to the paradisus .
the room is certainly spacious , but the furnishings are cheap and tired looking .
if you are lucky enough to take a shower when there is hot water the pressure is pathetic .
they keep the minibar well stocked with water , soda and beer .
there are signs at the beach offering free scuba diving , but when i inquired about it they asked me to go to the next hotel along and ask . the quality of food ranges from unacceptable to ok .
the breakfast serving areas resembles a hospital cafeteria .
they ask the guests to follow a smart dress code in some of the restaurants which apparently includes harley davidson t - shirts and sneakers . the gardens are perfectly manicured with lush vegetation and fountains , but for some reason they pipe the most irritating music through speakers in fake rocks all over the complex . the cocktails in the hotel are free - flowing but are so sweet and artificial that they could send you into a diabetic coma .
the postitives : the lobby is architecturally very impressive .
the pool is enormous with a bar in the pool itself and the beach is lovely white sand .
the golf course was in good condition and not too busy ( it is included but somehow we still managed to spend $100 each in the shop on extras ) .despite all my criticisms above , the place has a very fun atmosphere and it is hard not to enjoy yourself here .
if you are looking for an elegant , 5 star experience then this is not the right place , but if you are looking for an all - inclusive resort where you can relax on the beach and have some fun , it 's worth a visit .
not what i expected dates : april 12- april 16visiting from baltimore , mdmy boyfriend and i traveled to the dominican for my sisters wedding .
we booked it through a travel agent so we thought all would be well .
when we got there they informed us that the hotel had been overbooked and they needed to send us next door to another hotel .
this would not have been a big deal but my sister was getting married the night we arrived and we had to be ready .
they pulled us aside and told us we had to go and that they would reimburse us $200 for the night .
at that point we were not worried about the hotel , we just needed to get somewhere to shower and change .
we ended up going to my sister and brother in laws room to get ready .
they did not mind but we did not want to impose .
by 11 pm they called to let us know that our room , which was royal service was ready .
by this time we had the tran drop us off at 3 different locations because they did not know where our room was .
it was very hot and a pain to carry all of our luggage around in a dress . finally we were taken to our room .
it was definitely not classified as royal service but was liveable .
there was hair in the tub and marks on the floor from glasses that have been left by the tub .
it was not clean at all and i wore my flip flops in the shower .
the shower water was freezing and hot water came out only from the bathtub faucet .
i had to deal with the cold because there was no way i was sitting in the filthy tub .
we also saw a bunch of huge palmetto bugs in our room .
they are big and black and are so fast .
we saw one crawl under the bed and could not sleep at night .
as far as the food goes , it was decent for being in the dominican .
our favorite place was the steak house .
they had good salads and vegetables .
stay away from the seafood restaurant .
it was horrible .
it also would have been nice to have a variety of drinks .
it was pretty cut and dry .
the beach was beautiful .
there were plenty of lounge chairs and cabanas if you wanted shade . . . .very relaxing .
the pool was really nice too .
the swim up pool bar was awesome .
we met alot of really nice people from all over .
the nightlife was non existent .
we watched a few shows and hit the casino .
the club was a nightmare .
it was very small and not entertaining .
the most fun we had was at the lobby bar and at the bar right outside of the casino .
overall , for the cost of this trip it was not that bad .
we paid $2300 for 2 of us which included flight , hotel , and all inclusive .
you pay for what you get .
i would probably not visit this place again but it was a nice relaxing get away .
i would not recommend going here if you are not with your significant other .
great beach and food , shame for the rooms .
after ending up stranded at the neighbouring grand palladium by expedia ( we never received the booking from expedia and have no room left ) , i helped myself as expedia would not help , tipped one of the employees and accepted a junior suite for 4 nights at the rack rate of $435 a night all inclusive at the paradisus .
after 4 nights , i booked via sol melia website for $335 a night a junior suite with jacuzzi . the good : beach : very nice beach , several beach mattresses very comfy but to be reserved by towel early , long chairs being less confortable without padding . food : several restaurants ( japanese , french , chinese , mexican , brazilian meat , buffet , italian ) with good quality food , good choice of wines ( from south american to french/spanish ) , service variable .
not perfect by all means ( no jasmin tea available in the chinese ) , menu of the italian available as room service . bars : good cocktails and drinks . green : a lot of green / nature on the grounds of the hotel , with a mini jungle between the recpetions and the villas . the bad : rooms : not 5 stars , maybe 3. the rooms are all large ( only junior suites in the hotel anyway ) with terrace , but the first one had a musty smell probably due to water infiltrations ( re - painting visible on the ceiling and was very much 70- early 80ies , with brown marble , worn out furniture and less efficient a/c .
comfortable mattress though , which is key in an hotel .
the second room was better decorated , had a combined jacuzzi tub/shower , a remote for the tv from a different brand than the set , hence not working , and a cheap and hard mattress .
despite 2 calls to the room service , changing it for one softer would not happen . noise : small cars drive around from early to late around the complex , to bring guests from the reception to the villas .
prepare ear - plugs , especially as some guest talk loud on the streets and kiddies obviously will not behave .
so get a room on a first floor , looking away from the small roads and not too close to the pool . service : variable .
staff is mostly friendly and smiling , but does not always master well english and feels fast overwhelmed , probably due to lack of training .
reception staff was consistently useless .
clientele was mostly us families or young or older couples .
nothing much to see outside the hotel . to sum up : if you are lucky with your room , nice beach and food can make make for a nice beach bum stay but i would not rate this 5 stars , as probably most hotels on the island .
much better experience in asia .
ok the hotel is very old and i think it needs some upgrading , especially the safe in the room : ) the bed linnen i actually hated , because it is never ironed and the housekeeper constantly put the pillow case inside out .
the covers were dirty and so were the curtains in the room ( they actually smelled ) .
i have no idea when was the last time they washed them .
the room is big though , which is nice , but something was always missing , like a towel .
so i had to constantly ring the house - keeping do get what i needed and what should have been in the room in the frist place .
there is a coffee machine in the room though , which is great : ) the beach is the best feature of the hotel , its flawless .
the only thing that really annoyed us were mini cars that they used do move around the hotel .
it always smelled of diesel and made so much noise , day and night , which is extremelly irritating .
you couldnt take a walk along the main road to reception without your feet , literally , turning black . . . it 's strange , because you would imagine it being a quiet place but there is traffic there , literally .
everything else in paradisus was ok , i dont think its that good , like i said it needs a renovation .
i have seen 4 star hotels that were much better . . . maybe i am just too picky , who knows .
i hope everyone else will like it and enjoy their vacation more that we did .
disappointed in may we stayed for a few days to make sure the hotel met our expectations before bringing 33 family members .
the hotel was not a 5 star hotel but it was still very nice and the beach and water beautiful .
the country is very poor and still catching up on american expectations .
the hotel is nice and the people very kind .
the service is slow and in some cases non - exisistant .
it was not worth paying more for vip service .
during our may stay we verified a few items .1.
could we get a discount for excursions if we booked a large group ?
we were told yes by all parties but never received any discounts .
in fact the 4 wheeler 's actually stopped in the middle of the trip in the middle of the road and tried to collect more money .
we paid for 2 videos and still have not received them .
and four members of our party were seperated from the group and found themselves in the woods with machete carrying men !
it was just workers coming home from cutting sugar cane .
but needless to say the seperated elderly women in the group were not very happy .
2. we paid for all 33 people could we get the mas points so we could use them for a free stay at another sol melia location .
again the answer in advance was yes but now that the trip is over we have been told .
no 3. we had problems with no butler service at the vip pool .
would there be someone available if we paid for the vip rooms this was a big reason why we wanted vip .
we never saw anyone working on the beach .
we had to stand in line at the bar for all our drinks .
we had even given family members tip money so they would get good service but the service was non - existant .
4. if we booked a deep sea fishing trip could we get one boat ?
we were told we could get two large boats .
the day of they told us we would be on 4 boats .
when we reminded them we had requested two boats they told us they just had to take us to the boats in seperate shifts .
when each of the groups arrived at the fishing boats we were seperated into 4 boats .
5. could we book a bus to take us where we wanted to go ?
the answer was yes .
we had a specific village we wanted to visit and we were told it was a 30 minute drive .
when we got on the bus it took us to several places we did not want to go and it took 2 hours to get where we requested .
we ended up missing other activities we had paid for .
and of course we did not get our money back . our recommendation is do not take any excursions .
the snorkel/scuba trip only had old childrens life jackets .
the swells were so large we had two older family members that literally almost drowned .
a younger family member had to help them to shore .
the guide never even noticed .
the second dive one of the tanks was not traded out .
if you are going to sit on the beach and enjoy the water and sun then go and enjoy it is beautiful .
but if you are used to and expect 5 star service and a yes to mean yes then chose some where else .
( and watch your valuables .
the staff at the airport stole items from our suitcases - remember the country is very poor and you wo not know it is gone until you get home ! ) .
not bad , not bad at all well i must say my fiance and i were surprised .
we had read all of the mixed reviews , and could not really get a handle on what to expect so we tried to keep an open mind .
the facility was beautiful , and check in went quite smoothly .
i do speak some spanish , and some employees appreciated my attempts and some did not , but no big deal .
the grounds are well maintained , and we did not have any problems with ants , power outages or anything .
the food was so - so .
we were there for my fiances ' birthday , and they had a nice cake and champage with balloons and the like for him after dinner at the japanese place .
the nightly shows were very entertaining and well done .
while we did not take advantage of the extras that were offered , it was nice not to feel pressured to do so .
given we were there just before ernesto started , and only for four days we had a nice time .
bring pepto or immodium the good . .no complaints wonderful resort , beautiful grounds . .had a great time .
family group of over 30 were here to celebrat my brother 's wedding . . . food was good not exceptional .
try the mexican restaurant antojitos in the main lobby . .food and service was the best the entire trip .
to bad we only found it the last night of our trip . .staff was very friendly and helpfulthe bad : as i mentioned this was a party of over 30 people .
almost every guest had food poisening that lasted over the 5 days we spent here . . . most of us have visited or lived in dr at one point in time . .the trolleys . to
slow , not enough of them . .the lobby is just to far . .over all , aside from food poisening had a wonderful time . .the resort is gorgeous . .
nice place but if going with teenagers , please read on pros : excellent beach , food is very good ( there are nine restaurants , all are very good , so why do some of us americans get so ugly and obnoxious if we ca not get a table at one of them ? ) , junior suite room is better than most ( although beds and pillows are hard . )
weather was perfect .
service is good .
relaxation is a definite possibility , if you can avoid . . . . . . . .cons : too many drunken teenagers smoking too many all inclusive cigarettes .
lots of smoke everywhere .
parents should beware of the disco ( opens at midnight ) that was filled with drunken smoking teens ( average age 15 to 16? ) with porn playing on tvs .
some employees were also approaching kids with offers of drug sales .
this is a hard place to relax with teenagers .
well , it was ok . . . . . . . - - - about us : i am 41 and my wife is 39; both working professionals .
we also brought out 12- year - old daughter and our 2- ? year old son .
we reside within the united states .
i have traveled to china , singapore , many countries in europe , canada , just about every state in the unites states , the bahamas and more .
this was the first time taking the children out of the u . s . in preparation for more extensive trips the years to come .
i should mention my wife speaks a little spanish and i the typical common words .
- - - the resort : paradisus punta cana as a whole was wonderful .
the property is very large and full of wonderful landscaping that will just draw you in .
as soon as we set foot off the bus from the airport , an employee took our luggage and then moved it to one location .
he then motioned us to follow him and took us to a pedestal with a list of names on an 8x12 sheet of paper ? ? this was a list of the royal service residents .
when i told him that our family name was on the paper , he quickly waived down another employee , spoke a little spanish , loaded our luggage and directed us to get on the cart as well .
needless to say , my first tip went in that direction .
we were then whisked away to the royal service check in .
- - - the other guests : there were a couple of the ??gly americans? ? making their presence well known ? ? these people disgust me .
otherwise , the other guests were wonderful .
i had conversations with people from germany , australia , canada , england , and of course , the u . s . - - - the rooms : we were in building 30, second floor and room #8.
this translates to 2308.
the building was right on the beach and we had a view of the beach as well as the garden villa right across from us .
i will admit that i was a little disappointed in the room .
the sleeping area , sitting area , and balcony were not bad .
the bathroom area was in need of some attention .
the dark wood that they used to create makeshift shelves and shutter type doors really dulled down the area and was not pleasing to the eye .
also , the first thing i noticed when walking into the room was an odor .
i know i smelled that odor before , but where ?
it wasn?? until i was changing my son?? diaper that i remembered where .
i don?? think the odor originated in the room as i also noticed it outside while walking to the room one day .
perhaps because our bungalow was right next to another resort , there was some sort of septic/sewage system close by and the use of the air conditioner brought that stench into our room .
add to this the tropical climate and the odor/musty smell was very evident throughout the room .
it also remained in our luggage for a week or so after returning . also , the beds are very hard .
the padding and carpeted floors in our house seem to be more comfortable than the beds . overall , room was ok .
after all , the room is not why you go to punta cana .
i think the only thing you will have as an advantage with royal service is location to the beach .
the bungalow was close to the beach , but it was the farthest away from everything else ? ? as far as royal service is concerned .
- - - the food : this is the area we had the biggest concern over .
not so much for my wife and i , but for our children .
all i can say is wow !
what a selection .
we had reservations for the italian , japanese , and the steak house .
we went to the italian place and found that we were not doing a service to other guests around us with our son , so we decided to cancel our other reservations .
we did not want to ruin anyone else?? experience .
the italian food we did eat was wonderful . we decided to stick with the buffet as we can eat and leave at our pace with minimal disruption .
my daughter is convinced that they have the best french toast at the hibiscus as well as the best pasta dishes .
- - - the drinks : el presidente ! ! my wife ordered a few of the tropical type drinks ( margaritas , daiquiris , etc ) but thought the alcohol was way too much .
- - - the service : i hear tipping goes a long way .
i brought $200 in ones to tip so that we can get greater ??oyal service? ? attention .
i left a $5 tip each day for the maid service and also requested that the mini bar be filled with 4 presidente and 4 bottles of water each day .
this never occurred .
we did order room service once and the pizza and presidente were delivered real quick .
all and all , i was eager to give out all the ones i had brought .
i tipped $2 each time and only handed out a total of $40 in ones and 4 $5 bills to the maids . the royal service check in was excellent and the people there were very accommodating to the demands of my 2- year - old son when he blurted out , ?? want some milk ! ? ? br/> - - - the employees : wonderful , wonderful , wonderful ! !
in less than a day , they had my 2 year old saying hola to everyone !
they would hold up their hands requesting a ??igh five? ? from my son and they always had a smile !
if i did not know how to say something in spanish , they would do their best to determine what my need was and teach me a little spanish as well .
i even had the opportunity to view them putting up with a couple of ??gly americans? ? and they maintained their composure and dignity .
something we could all learn from . kudos to the wonderful people of the paradisus punta cana ! - - - the beach : wow ! what a wonderfully maintained beach .
i got up early one morning to watch the sunrise and to snap some photos .
the employees were out cleaning all the seaweed off the beach so that it was clean for the guests .
the chaises were lined up each night as guests made their way to dinner and they had security on the beach all night . the water was beautiful , inviting , and fun ! caution : i found the morning sun to be more brutal than the afternoon !
we typically did the beach in the morning and the pool in the afternoon that may be part of the reason .
however , it did cloud up in the afternoon providing a little more protection .
- - - the pool : i have never seen such a wonderful pool .
cleaned every night and ready for guests first thing in the morning .
pool hours were from 8am to 6pm .
this pool was huge !
at one point , there must have been at least 100 guests in this pool and i had no problem getting around and playing with my children .
- - - the activities : did not participate in much as this was a family chill week and that is all we did ! - - - the worst : leaving punta cana .
not that we would miss the place , but the airport was a complete nightmare ! !
we arrived at the airport at noon for a flight at 2:15.
it took forever to get through the delta check in .
they manually check each piece of checked luggage .
our luck had us stuck behind a family of 6 who tried to arrange to have all their seats next to each other during the whole trip back .
fyi to the ugly american? ? do this before you leave ! !once we went through check in , we were all ??orralled? ? into
another area that prepped us for check through customs .
when i say ??orralled? ? i mean just that .
there was no line , just a big mass of people pushing towards a gate that was blocked by officials .
at this time , we had been standing in the airport for more than an hour .
there is no air conditioner , there is no vending machines for water , and it was hot ! !
i was very concerned about the health of my children and nobody cared .
we just stood there with hundreds of other people at the mercy of the customs people . after getting through the corral gate , we then stood in one of four lines ( yep , that was all they had for the hundreds if not more than a thousand people ready to leave the island ) for another 40 minutes .
after that , we had to stand in another line to go through passport/boarding pass check and through the metal detectors .
if it weren?? for the delta rep coming through and calling for delta passengers , we would have been in that line for another hour .
instead , it was only 15 minutes as they shuffle us to the front . all in all , it took us more than 2 hours in the heat of the airport to run to our plane that had already boarded . this experience alone was enough to ruin our vacation .
i will never complain of the lines at o??are , laguardia , or frankfurt again !
never ! ! - - - in conclusion : on a scale of 1 to 5, i would give the resort experience alone a 3.
i have never experienced a 5 as i feel these type of place ??nticipate? ? your
needs and react . the combined experience of the dr from beginning to end was about a 2.5. would i recommend the paradisus punta cana ? ? yes !
would i return ?
well , we decided that the dr was good for once every 3 years or so and that we would probably try another resort the next time .
nice resort but . . . . . . .
i am surprised that we are rating this resort so poorly because it is actually quite a nice facility .
potential guests be warned that this is a big property .
those courtesy shuttle buses you read about are a necessity as walking back  forth between the lobby , accomodations and the beach gets old after the first day or so .
unfortunately there is no fixed shuttle schedule or routing around the resort and the drivers can be reckless at times .
the property can also be confusing because the plantings are so lush and all roads look the same .
my wife had a hard time figuring out whether she was travelling towards the beach or the lobby when exiting the room . the service at the front desk was not as good as it should have been for english speaking guests .
we finally decided to only put in an effort to communicate over serious issues , simple requests just were not worth the effort .
we were surprised that it was a struggle to get a lock for our room safe , we supposedly got the last one on the property after many phone calls and hours after check - in . room accomodations were disappointing .
the rooms were big with marble floors but wall paint was badly scuffed and colours were depressing , heavy ugly curtains , furniture badly nicked and scratched , room fridge looked like it was falling apart and was not secured into the desk furniture .
clothes closet shelving made of poorly painted particle board .
definitely not five - star . food and drinks were of good quality , although the buffet could hardly be called extravagant .
this resort specializes in many different theme a - la - carte restaurants and most are seated on a first - come first - serve basis .
we could not find food in the restaurants between 3pm -7pm and after 10 pm .
dinner was between 7pm -10pm .
during the off hours you had to use room service , which was not always reliable .
service was very good at most restaurants and bars . the pool , beach and grounds are beautiful , the nicest we 've ever seen and bug free .
the lack of bugs was surprising because there 's a large mangrove swamp in the middle of the resort .
the entire resort was rather damp , i 'd hate to see this resort in the rainy season . lots of extra activities included such as horseback riding , scuba diving , snorkeling trips , boat excursions so there 's no reason to get bored .
our major dissappointment in the resort was the activity staff .
they were friendly and sociable but did not put much effort into organizing beach and pool games ( the games were scheduled but nothing usually happened ) , and hotel souvenirs as prize winnings were far and few between .
the activity supervisor told us that people were too old to play games in this resort .
this is the worst resort we have ever visited for enrolling guest participation . the hospitality accomodations for late departure guests was a horror story .
for some reason the hotel staff use these facilities as washrooms .
besides the questionable sanitation due to high traffic , the facilities do not lock so my wife and i were constantly while showering and changing our clothes for departure .
the most uncivilized hospitality facilities we have ever been subjected to . in closing , we went with an open mind but were disappointed , a decent vacation , but not a great one .
somebody 's not keeping their eye on the ball here , the details are being dropped .
they have enough managers running the place but we never met any , which is unusual in itself .
i 've never been at a resort where the manager does not make himself know to guests .
reality the truth about the this hotel is this . . .
the landscape of this hotel is beautiful , palm trees , flowers ; everything is taken care of and some .
the beaches are nice and relaxing .
the food is ok .
there are 8 restaurants and i will rate them ( bad 1- 10 good ) .
chinese 6, japanese 4( not true hibachi ) french 3 nice environment weird food , italian 7, steak house 9, mexican 8, brazil 7, seafood 8. buffet is garbagetheir casino on the grounds is a joke , theirs 12 slots and six tables , but theirs is a big casino directly outside of the hotel (1 min ) much better , and theirs a small club inside also .
the club at the hotel is a 10 by 10 room called the fun club . . . not fun .
the only entertainment besides the room and the casino is a show every night .
if you??e not into dancing then it sucks .
for kids its seems good , they have rock climbing , batting cages , numerous water activities and the pool is amazing .
the pool is very big and beautiful the only thing that?? stinks is the pool is so hot that you sweat in the pool ( sometimes ) ohh and if you plan on getting vip service do not its a waste of money . i had a good time in punta cane but the island is an under developed country the looks like crap outside of the resorts with garbage all over and contraction everywhere .
my advice is punta cane is a place to visit in ten years when everything they??e building now is complete and it does not look like a war zone .
pay the extra bucks and go some place else .
decent , not as good as sandals we visited paradisus for 5 nights in mid march , 2005 and while we enjoyed our stay , i can say it is not worth the $325 per night we paid . before i say negative things , let me state this : it was a very nice resort and we had a good time .
needless to say , if you 're planning a honeymoon or a special vacation and are ready to drop a lot of money on the trip , just beware of a few things :1- the resort is european owned .
the food and the buffets are not geared to american tastes .
i would rate the food quality as good , similar to what you 'd see on a cruise ship .
2- the beach is very nice , but the neighborhood is lousy .
do not expect to see many sights - -the dr just does not have much to see or look at .
so you 'll probably hang out in the resort most of the time .3-
there are more things outside of the resort to do in places like cancun , cabo , etc .
the dr is a relatively new destination so do not expect to be able to hop a cab and visit other restaurants , bars , and entertainment off the resort property - -there 's nothing around the neighborhood . we live in the midwest and the flight was long for what i would consider an average resort with average food .
if you 're mainly going to relax on a beach , consider closer places like the bahamas or even key west . if you are convinced you want to go for an all inclusive stay , sandals is a much better resort .
that said , i would return to paradisus , but only at the right price , say $200 per night .
room for improvement we just returned from our third visit to paradisus punta cana (1st on in 2001, and 2nd one in 2002) and now 2005.
our first 2 visits were wonderful and we have recommended it to 1/2 dozen people all of which except one were satisfied with the property .
our visit this time was disappointing and will not be returning anytime soon .
problems : the biggest problem with paradisus is the staff .
they are indifferent to rude .
this had never been the case before .
tipping is not required and in the past we tipped for exceptional service .
my thought this time was that they were looking for tips before providing basic service ( such as getting a cup of coffee in the morning ) .
there is a little trolly that takes you around the property although you can walk the property in far less time that it takes to wiat for the trolley .
again , we did not experience this on our previous visits .
although there does seem to be a lot of activities it was difficult to identify what they were .
i had been fairly inactive on our previous visits and decided this time i wanted to do some things .
i asked at the reception desk for a list of acitivites and they directed me to guest services .
she gave me a list of some activities and their times but not locations .
ie volleyball , spanish lessions but then i noticed a generic list of acitivities on another sheet .
for these activities and the locations of the list that she gave me , i was told me to the call the acitivites center #6061.
the activites center told me to come down which i did .
i then had to ask about specific activites ( which were listed on the generic list ) lsuch as a paella demonstration and when .
a list of acitivities and time where not available although he was referring to some document on a wall .
he was also unable to tell me where some of the activites were taking place and referred me to restaurant reservations who were totally perplexed as to why i had come there .
just so happens that the original girl from the guest services desk was visiting the restaurant reseveration desk and she got involved and called the activity center who then miraculously came up with the information .
our you tired yet .
very disorganized .
why offer these things if the guests are unaware of them or unable to find where they are occurring .
back to the restaurants .
when you sit down to a meal try to find one with a full table setting otherwise it will take you 20 minutes to get your table set so that you can actually then get served coffee , wine , soda or water or have an eating implement to consume your meal with .
we found this particularly frustrating in the morning trying to get a simple cup of coffee .
when we were there there was a large group of people taking up 240 rooms who were generally unhappy with things and i think they communicated this to the company that were sending them and about halfway through their stay management started showing up in the dining room to intervene with service but as soon as they left service returned to the usual level .
one women i spoke to stated there is no service here .
not a huge deal but again a significant change was with the wine .
on our previous visits you got a wine list and choose a wine .
the wine selections were adequate in the past .
the wine selections this time were limited to say the least .
they might have 2-3 chardonays but when you requested one it seemed to never be available .
i got to the point i just ordered white wine because in actuality that is all they had - one white that was some various type of wine .
they did have an additional wine list that you could pay for and although i never utilized that i suspect that those wines were more readily available .
the towel man was downright rude .
when i made the unfortunate mistake of not returning my towels on the same day i used them , i was addressed rudely .
another guest told me that she kept her towels with her for 3 days and when she tried to exchange them in mid day she also got spoken to .
after a downpour the towel man was refusing to exchange towels for dry ones .
pluses : the grounds are beautiful , the rooms are very nice .
there are many activities which are included , ie : demonstrations of cocktail , vegetable carving , spanish lessons etc .
they have horseback riding , a small zoo along with darts , ping pong and the list goes on and on .
entertainment at nite is a little boring and gets old but how much can you realistically except .
generally the quality of the food is good .
remember where you are and that it is an allinclusive .
the housekeeping services were good and responsive to our requests .
the beach is spectacular .
the liquors are all top shelf and even if you do not request a specific alcohol brand they seem to use only fairly decent brand names .
they even use real baileys in their mudslides .
it really is very unfortunate that the staff attitude had such a strong impact on our stay but in retrospect it did and i would consider this fact seriously before making a decision to stay at this property .
a loyal trip advisor user , manalapan , ner jersey 
bad weather but calm place w/ beautiful beach  my best friend and i were at the paradisus from nov . 18th through 22th .
my first bit of advice is do not go here around this time if u want a good tan cuz u probably wont get one ! we left newark airport at 7 am to connect in miami to get to dr and finally arrive at our hotel and by the time we checked in it was at 6pm .
talk about the longest day .
there was so much waiting it was so frustrating .
so now , we 're grumpy . the rooms were nice .
we had two queen beds and a little sitting area plus a decent size balcony .
we had some issues with the shower .
the water kept changing temperatures , cold one minute , scalding another .
girls , this water is terrible for your hair too . the first nite we decided to check out the show .
it was entertaining .
the staff is really friendly , almost too much that some may hound u alot .
or maybe we just felt that way b/c we were two single girls and most of the resort was made up of couples or families .
so i guess we were prime meat ! restaurantswell , probably the best meal we had was the pizza from la dolce vita .
i 'm italian so i defintiely had better which just goes to show u the food was , eh .
we were so looking forward to eating tostones and maduros ( fried bananas ) and the spanish food like rice and beans etc .
well , when we finally got to , it was ok .
funny thing is i think i had better spanish food here at home .
we also ordered room service one night b/c we were too late for dinner ( forgot about the hour ahead here in dr ) and we felt sick the next day which ruined our plans too do any kind of activities .
japanese was not very good .
i love sushi and this to me was not sushi and the food had no taste .
the buffets were ok . entertainmentwe only went to a couple of shows .
they were fine .
then afterwards the dancers and staff make it sort of interactive by dragging u to the club or attempting to dance merengue with you in front of the bar .
which is fine if u have rhythmn and can at least follow them .
the club ( pub ) for us was not the best .
they play alot of disco and bar music ( we were looking for alot more dance , hip hop or spanish music ) .
we attempted to go to the outside club ( local ) called ar - ay - eeh - toe ( i think thats how us say it ) that was cool , mixed locals and tourists from the resorts .
music there was really good .
they say u shouldnt leave the resort .
well we 're two girls in their late 20's and we walked this club at 11pm .
and let me tell u , we were defintiely a little worried but they guard nearby said he would watch us as we walked to it .
( it turned out to be 50 feet from the hotel , but he smiled and watched us anyway ) have to say , the people are very friendly .
thanks to my friend knowing spanish , i was lucky . activitieswe did 't get to do any activities , but they had plenty if u wanted to .
we did manage to do the salsa merengue and bachata dancing lessons on the beach , that was the highlight of our vacation .
we got to show our new moves off with the staff dancers at the pub on our last nite and drank til we got tired .
the drinks were ok .
a little watered down i think but not that bad .
the staff was nice .
they always tracked us down to get us to do things .
weatherthis was probably the worst of the vacation .
if the weather was at least sunny , we definitely would have had a better time .
the only thing we really wanted to do was get some sun , enjoy the beach and do some water sports .
the first day ( wich was our only really nice sunny day ) was shot b/c we decide to go to bavaro plaza to shop .
that was cool though .
10 minute walk from the hotel , and def shop around first , u can bargain pretty well .
but do not be too frugal , these people are pretty poor so u dont want to take total advantage .
also , there are lots of bugs and u get bit .
bring deet and medications from home cuz they charge an arm and a leg for this stuff .
we actually paid $25 for the bug spray ( and that we even talked him down too ) its cheaper in the hotel gift shop we found later ( $18) the rest of our vacation was so cloudy and windy .
we had to wear our towels as blankets on the beach .
we figured we 'd get sun through the clouds . . . . . yeah right .
well , i at least managed to get a little rosey in the face .
guess i can be grateful i wo not peel .
overall , my advice is if you 're looking to relax punta cana is cool .
but if u wanna party , go to cancun !
keep your expectations low we were the guests of the resort from 8/13/04 to 8/19/04.
my wife and i take a vacation at a different location every year , mostly in 4-5 star resorts .
i can tell you one thing for sure from my experience that paradisus punta cana is not a 5 star resort . i am dissapointed with the sol melia group which is proud of its many resorts allover the world for not maintaining english speaking personnel and better food service .
although we had fun trying to communicate in spanish using the fun dictionary given at the check in , when there is an emergency it was hard to communicate with the staff .
food is plenty and exotic .
however , i was suprised to see that they kept the food in room temperature where it should be stored in refrigerated areas .
since food stays out for several hours , it is not hard to believe that it will go bad in the heat of the day , well , nights are are not any different . . hot and humid .
my wife got sick and ate only bread and drank bottled water for three days .
by the way , sickness from the food or dissappointment is the common subject among all visitors that we met at the airport , excursions or shuttles from all of the other resorts in punta cana area . one personal item , the resorts ' only pizza place , dolce vita , which we hoped would serve safe food was horrible .
this is a request directly for the resort management , somebody please show the chef how to make pizza .
a margarita pizza with thin crust should not be drowning in cheese .
i give them the benefit of the doubt ordering the same pizza twice , and dissappointed twice . on the other hand , resort is very pretty with its open setting from the lobby to its restaurants with well manicured landscaping .
the beach is spectacular .
we really enjoyed the nightly shows and the dancers who are very friendly and fun people . overall , if you speak spanish , have a strong stomach and handle the heat and humid , go to paradisus , punta cana .
keep your expectations low then you might enjoy your vacation .
an awesome time this vacation was definitely amazing .
i went with my best friend , family and family friends .
the grounds are beautiful and the service is great .
the food on the other hand is not anything to brag about .
that did not have a negative effect on the trip at all .
the japanese resturant ( hokkaido ) was the best food we ate the entire trip .
make reservations the night before because it fills up quickly .
the rooms were nice , spacy with marble floors and showers .
look out for the tiny ants that come out at night and the occasional cockroaches .
i did not have any encounters with the ants but my parents were not so lucky .
the bartenders were okay but cannot understand english very well , it was not a major problem though .
the beach was perfect .
i recommend parasailing so you can see through the water and a lot of the resorts .
it was beautiful .
when you wake up , before breakfast you should get a hut on the beach before they are all taken .
when you go shopping ( which is a 5 minute walk on the beach ) do not ever pay the asking price .
haggle them down to a price you want to pay and show them the money to assure them that you have it .
once they see the money it is hard for them to say no to your price .
bring suntan lotion and other sundries because it is very expensive at the hotel gift shop .
the cheapest sunscreen was 24.00 us .
avoid the tap water , the hotel provides bottled water at the bar .
i suggest brushing your teeth with it so you do not get sick .
if you are 18 or older the fun pub was something fun to do every night .
even if you are not 18 the people do not really care , all you need to do is turn your age bracelet the other way and they will let you in .
dress cool for the plane ride there because the airport is very hot !
i enjoyed staying at the melia caribe tropical , it was so much fun !
dominican republic not the best vacation spot we arrived in punta cana on 6/27/04 and were pleasantly surprised at the beauty of the resort and the quick check in .
the reception clerk offered us an upgrade to royal service for $45 pp/night which we thankfully declined since other royal service guests later in the trip said it was not worth the money .
we departed on 7/4/04 with diarrehea from the food or water ( not sure ) that started on 6/30 overall opinion : the paradisus is definitely the best resort in punta cana with the exception of secrets excellence ( adults only ) but is not worth $300/night for 2 adults .
i think there are much better places to stay in the carribean for the money and you do not have to worry about getting sick from the water , food and possible hurricanes .
( st . john , st thomas , aruba , bermuda etc . )summary of our trip : pros : extremely friendly , warm and accomodating staffbeautiful clean white sand beach with crystal clear blue waterbeautiful tropical pool with lots of shaded areaslush tropical rainforest surroundingsgreat french ( el romantico ) , chinese , seafood ( beach restaurant ) and mexican ( antoijes ) restaurants with excellent service from wait staffpretty good selection of unlimited bottles of wine and champagne at lunch and dinner24 hour room service ( food , soda , wine or beer ) mini fridge stocked with bottles of soda in roomgorgeous marble public bathrooms in main lobby areaany issues we had we promptly attended tooffered lots of water sports incl in package ( scube , snorkling , kayaking , sailing ) top label liquor when requestednight entertainers were professional dancers and put on a nice show ( props were def amateurish ) plenty of beach and pool chairs with shadecons : first room on ground floor had water on walls and strong mildew smellsecond room on the top floor had mild mildew smell and broken flushometer on toiletbad italian food and pizza at la dolce vitamost of the staff did not speak english at all or very little ( except the reception and head waiters ) bad smell every day behind the pool bartacky room decor and beddingbad smell inside room safewe got diarrahea on 6/30 and mild nausea that we are still getting over ( a lot of other people in the resort had the same problem ) we did not eat anything except bread and coke for the last few days of the triplack of air conitioned theater ( nights are humid and it is uncomfortable to stay outdoorsnot all of the restaurants are air conditionedsometimes long wait for trolley to main lobby from beach/pool areawater in the pool was hot like very warm bath waterfrozen drinks are made from cheap mixes that do not taste goodcasino is a jokehad to avoid eating any raw foods ( fruits , salads etc ) and ice cubes due to possible bacteriaants in the rooms especially in the bathrooma lot of ants on the floor near the pool that sometimes were on the lounge chairsavoid horseback riding - horses were not well trained ( one went into the ocean and lifted up its feet in the air almost throwing a young girl off ) 
not bad - - stayed at the paradisus in punta cana from 5/29 - 6/14/04 - - - thought it was a very nice resort .
too long to be there but we were able to go to most of the restaurants twice .
romantico was the favorite by far - - lobster tail was wonderful .
language barrier is a little tough .
loved the all inclusive .
i drink wine and actually very good wines were included .
was even able to get a french one at the front bar that was great !
try their drink - 7up and dark rum - - very good also .
my son could go anytime and get drinks and food by himself .
great amenity .
pool is beautiful .
beach is just ok but we spent a lot of time there .
lots of included activities and my husband was able to do 8 dives - - included if you are certified .
it is not the states but is not as good as cozumel or cancun .
was interesting to try something different .
if you want to take an island tour , the best was the outback safari - - we had a blast !
our guide sammy was great !
i did have a difficult time with the food so use lime on all vegetables - - helps alot .
not what americans are used to we went with a group of 4 other couples .
i have to start off by saying the resort itself is beautiful . . . now if only the food and staff were on par .
of the 10 of us , 8 got sick from the food ( we all travel all the time and know what not to eat ) .
when we would go to the restaurants , they never seemed to want to accomodate our group even though we always had reservations for ten .
we were even told not possible but we had the reservation card in our hands .
two of our friends had their birth certificates stolen , fortunatly they were retired military so they were able to use their military ids .
any time we had to deal with the staff of the hotel ( besides our room maid ) it was always an argument .
we even made sure we gave extra tips even though this was an all - inclusive resort .
we did not like being ugly americans but that was how we were treated from the very beginning .
if you are looking for night life at this resort then look elsewhere .
everything goes quiet by 11:00 except for the casino which might have 10 people in it .
all in all , we will be looking for a new resort that lives up to its five star rating .
excellent facilities  stayed at paradisus may 8-16 using the royal service .
although it is a beautiful resort , ( and i will discuss why ) i do not think i would ever return there or anywhere in the d . r . until the fix this obvious problem that 's causing people to get sick .
but first i would like to provide my thoughts on many of the services and amenities .
i would also like to say to the whiners out there , i concur with others who say that nothing would make them happy .
although i could sit here and complain about little things that did not go my way , i 've figured out long ago that life is way too short to worry about petty things .
this is a big place with lots of staff , nobody 's perfect .
i would suggest that they look at their own workplaces to discover that they too can mess up sometimes .
so relax ! !rooms very nice and ac worked well .
yeah the shower is a bit goofy , but who cares .
was always cleaned later in the day , but who cares .
restaurantsfood was okay but not great by my standards .
remember , everyone has different standards and that 's all that matters .
this is 5 star in the d . r . but as far as food goes would not hold a candle to st . martin or aruba staff and service excellent ! !
these folks work their butts off .
sure we ran into a few with little or no personality but maybe the boyfriend left them that day .
who knows and who cares .
by the way , we never got bothered by any sales people .
the language , if you ask me , is what made the experience fun .
we always managed and it made it fun .
bring a little dictionary .
however , i would still add that these people should be taught more english .
it 's fine to say that this is their country but they are in the service industry and the majority of guests speak english .
do not compare places in the u . s . with a few spanish guests and no spanish staff .
we 're talking about alot of english to spanish ratio here .
beachno question it 's very nice and the water is very warm .
the wind is always blowing in so there 's a 4 surf but it 's fun .
there only seems to be one bar so if you 're not close , you 've got quite a walk .
very little topless that week .
maybe 10% .
tons of chairs but it was a quiet week . shoppingstay home !
this is the worst i 've seen at being harrassed .
it was ridiculous .
fun at first but it wo not take you long before you want out of there .
they even cross the street to try and get you in their little shops and all have the same thing .
there very nice but very pesty . casinostay home .
this is not a casino by my standards .
sure it 's small , i 've seen lots of small casino 's .
it was like a big room with very little pizazz .
a few slots and a few tables .
roulette , b . j . and a goofy car .
it was so pitiful that the cards were worn out .
was not very busy .
i can see why . golfexcellent .
pool beautiful .
bar is quite busy with only one bartender .
get two drinks at once and save yourself some time .
royal servicethe jury is still out on that one .
they take excellent care of you .
once you get the hang of it , you can use their service for everything from getting them to pick you up ( instead of waiting ) for a shuttle to bringing you candles and wine at 10:30 at night .
they will do almost anything for you so get the hang of it and order room service from them specifically and tell them what you want .
tip them and it just keeps getting better .
ask for wilson , he 's the best .
the private beach is nothing different but it 's close to the bar and has the massage hut in it .
the waiter service is really lacking but as i say , the bar is right there .
the vip lounge is very nice , washroom close to beach , 2 high speed internet and breakfast served .
use it !
staff is really attentive and personal .
call a week ahead and have them book all your dinners and golf etc . . . ask for a room near vip building in a front facing building .
anything less and you might as well be in any building because the rooms are really all the same .
when you pull up to the main entrance , ask them to take you to vip check in right away .
it 's a long ride .
i say the jury is out because it 's pricy .
some got a much better deal than us so shop it . groundsabsolutely beautiful .
they never stop trimming etc . . .
they should go to electric vehicles though as it would cut down the early morning noise .
a four wheeler revving at 6 a . m . is a little annoying .
i did find the property very spread out which makes for alot of walking .
shuttles are not always dependable . airporti read one review that said it was a grass hut with no food or drink .
uh , hello !
there 's all kinds of eatery 's , duty free etc .
and it might be a grass hut alright , but it 's the size of two football fields .
it 's open to the outside and really unique .
it now has and a/c section .
security is another thing though .
they could not get us through fast enough and when the buzzer went off for me , the dude frisked me briefly ( grabbed outside my pockets ) and sent me on my way .
all i can say is , this whole system ( airline security ) is only as strong as it 's weakest link !
needs some improvement there . there 's not alot to do there besides relax which is okay but when the chips are down ( rain 2 days ) the d . r . has very little to offer .
if you got hit with 3 or more days it would drive you nuts .
for all it has to offer , i really cannot complain about the place .
but here is why i do not think i 'll return .
i would say that 80% of the people i met had some form of an intestinal problem of one sort or another .
for most of them , including myself , it was moderate to severe abdominal pain that occured from the ribcage to the belly button .
this was not your usual cramps down low , this was different .
for most i had met , it had been ongoing for at least 3-4 days .
for myself , it was almost a week including 3 full days after returning home .
my wife only got it for one day .
i spoke to people who only drank beer and wine , others who did not drink at all , and others who drank anything .
it happened to all of them .
i 'm not a rocket scientist but i do not think it takes one to figure out that it 's something in the food and/or water .
we drank bottled water for everything , including teeth brushing to minimize exposure .
i have wanted to go the d . r . for many years but the first hand reports from friends and from reading reviews has kept me away until i thought i 'd give a whirl .
we brought all the med 's but to no avail .
i think you can avoid all the food items you want that may have been washed with water but you have no control over all of it .
you 'll avoid salad but those veggies in you omelete may still get you .
these resorts are huge and are making money , why ca not they install water filtration systems to solve this problem ?
i do not understand this but i do underestand now why it 's so inexpensive to go to the d . r .
i do not want to bash the d . r . because i know other islands have this problem but i do not need it on my holiday .
i can put up with alot of negative things , but not this .
i could barely eat or drink the rest of the week .
why would i return ?
use your own judgement and ask friends and form your own opinion .
maybe it was just a bad week but i 'm not going to pay good money and throw the dice again .
great facility , great food , good service - - average to above guests of the resort from may 1st to may 8th .
as background , we have been to the wyndham in grand cayman , breezes in the bahamas and sandals halcyon in st . lucia .
this is a little long , but i promise it is a ??air and balanced? ? review ! overall ; great facility , great food , good service . the facility was beautiful .
clean and well maintained .
pool was clean .
people were always walking by and picking up cups as they went about their business .
the room was very nice - clean and serviced by 3 everyday .
we did have to ask for wash - cloths twice .
little gifts were left for us everyday ( rum , candles , nick - knacks ) .
spotty tv reception .
no problem getting chairs by the pool .
the beach does fill up early ( around 9-10) .
please note , there is a good deal of topless - ness at the beach and some at the pool .
if you are american , and/or have an issue with this , you may want to reconsider .
there were also about ? a dozen kids under 6 there .
if you are not a ??id person , ? ? you
might be annoyed - but we found them largely out of the way .
it?? a pretty big place .
there is a small casino by the lobby with some slots and table games . small , expensive gift shop .
try to avoid getting change in pesos - i had a wad of money for three dollars change ( about 120 pesos ! ) .
the gift shop does have an uncanny way of ??ounding? ? the bill up to avoid small change? ? we did not leave the hotel for any excursions although there are many providers on site .
nice spa with a separate pool and workout room .
all spa services ( massages , facials , etc . ) are extra .
service was good overall ; staff was very friendly and accommodating .
language is an issue for things more detailed than simple directions or menu questions .
not much english is spoken at all .
but note that americans are a small number of the visitors - we encountered more russian , french , and german visitors than fellow americans .
the staff was not fluent in any of those languages either .
english is not a common language as it is in other caribbean locations like jamaica , bahamas , etc . - it is another country , after all !
they do give you a little spanish language dictionary to help you out . restaurants were very , very good - it is all a matter of your personal tastes .
my least favorite was the french and the steakhouse .
the japanese ( note , this is in a group setting of 12, around the chef as he prepares your meals ) , brazilian rotisserie , both buffets , seafood and italian were all good .
my wife and i found the deserts in general were lacking .
i did not like any of the breads , she did ( i?? more ??oney oat? ? she is more white bread ! ) .
take note of the meal times - dinners start at 7, lunch from 12-4, breakfast from about 7-11 am .
this is not really posted anywhere we could find and the room service hours are about the same , even though they show the times a bit differently .
make your reservations the next morning - they are needed but it is not a mad rush to get them in . i recommend trying different things to avoid monotony , although food items are largely unmarked - it?? mostly guessing !
lot?? of fish , meat , pastas , vegetables and fruits to choice from .
not all restaurants were open every night - signs were posted in the restaurant?? lobby bar ( they are all located in the same place with a central bar/lounge area ) .
service was average to good - it just depends on your waiter ( s ) , like any other place .
a little more effort needed to get someone?? attention in the buffets after you are seated .
long pants are needed for the men in the evening and no bikini tops during the day .
we found the drinks to be a little lacking - it is mostly due to the quality of mixers we were used to .
top shelf liquors are available .
the whites and rose wines are fine when they are chilled and you are eating up paella in the late afternoon !
better wines cost extra .
the giant coconut drinks are very good !
bartenders are all very friendly and working hard all day - the biggest negative was the sales pitch we got roped into by the melia rep trying to get us to go to a breakfeast so they can talk about their own travel services and other resorts .
this was before we got to the room !
i also got a follow up call to our room where i kind of hung up on the guy .
i sent them an email to complain . last note - you can walk from the lobby to the pool in about three minutes - you don?? need to wait for the tram after you get settled in? ? enjoy your trip? ? /p>
10 year anniversary good and not so good we just returned from the paradisus on august 3 from a 7 night stay .
we were there for our 10 year annivesary so our travel agent booked us in a resort that supposedly did not have many children .
wrong there were children everywhere , all ages .
was not happy about that .
grounds and the pool were awesome , food was quite good for an all - inclusive .
my husband and i did experience some stomach distress towards the end of vacation but we ca not figure out why , our representative said everyone that week was complaining from all hotels about stomach issues .
couple of other problems we experienced , our air conditioning broke twice , once for the whole day ( as did half of the resort ) , so finally after enough complaining they moved our room which took more time from our vacation .
on our arrival we did find some little bugs in our bathroom which they sprayed , after waiting 2 hours , and took care of the problem .
beach is beautiful and people who work there are very friendly .
if you are looking for a place that is somewhat high end with no children this in not the place , if you want to bring your kids and have good food and a great beach book away !
some good , some not so good the positives : beautiful resort , very clean grounds , great beach , and pool .
negatives : coming from ny , maybe we 're spoiled , but the food , while abundant , was lousy .
our room was nice , but the ac does not work . . . in most of the rooms .
the refrigerator ( for the mini bar ) , just made the beverages slightly below room temperature - -not very refreshing .
my wife is fluent in spanish , but for travelers who do not speak spanish - - - good luck .
we witnessed several travelers who had problems communicating their needs due to the language barrier .
overall , i think punta cana , and the paradisus will develop in to a true 5 star resort , but it will take a few more years .
beautiful place but watch out for the mosquitos ! ! ! ! bavarro princess punta canabeware of dengue fever and samonella . . . . .
when we first arrived it was beautiful and we loved it .
super location and all .
we were in the lower number units close to the ocean and pool . .
we stayed for two weeks .
the grounds are gorgeous and very tropical .
that 's where i think we ran into some problems .
early morning mosquitoes when we opened our doors to let the warm breeze in .
my husband was bitten and upon arrival home became very sick , after numerous trips to the doctors he was confirmed at having dengue fever . . . . not a nice thing to come home with .
we 've been back for 3 weeks now and he is just starting to get better .
so beware and keep your doors closed early morning till the sun rises .
apparently o vaccines and no antibiotics , the food looked great all the time but i did question some of the food handling and we both got sick .
we thought at first it was just the change of diet but had confirmation here that it was salmonella poisoning .
would i go back ?
. . just bad luck . . . but everything else was great .
do not go guys , .
you can do alot better . it was just ok . we went with 15 people , were all from toronto . we had all ages ranging from 22 - 50.
i think only one of us was satisfied out of this group . the
food is just like any other resort , it sucked .
no matter where you go i dont think its going to be good anyway .
the beach wasnt even that nice , i remeber it being alot nicer when i went to puntacana 5 years ago .
the rooms are different , they look good but teh maintenace in them sucks .
alot of us had trouble with flooding , and the beds were extremely unconfertable .
think the only tyme i slept good was when i popped some gravol or passed out drunk . the scenery is neat , but i did not pay to go away to a park .
i wanted to party like the majoruity of us and it just wasnt happeneing there .
the lobby is quiet , at nite it picks up for a bit but barely .
the only 24hr bar is in the lobby , and the 24hr snack bar doesnt opne until 12:30 at nite .
from 11 p . m or ealier till 12:30 your left with burnt popcorn .
i heard breakfast was ok but i never made it to one .
they will close the doors on you if you are a minute late and refuse to let you in its crazy . there
are 2 pools , one by the lobby one by the beach .
the one by the beach is popular and is just ok . the one by the lobby is hardly used and is also just ok .
nothing special about it at all ! the swim up bar is nice but you can get that anywhere in dominican so go somewhere else . the beaches are ok , but you can get that anywhere in dominican so go somewhere else . if you want scenerry and like walking thean come here .
the lobby is a 10 min train ride from the beach , and even than the train service is crap .
its always full , have fun trying to get on . will
i be back , no . would i recommend this resort to my firends no .
would i recommend dominican hell yea ! ! its an awesome country to party in just trry a different resort ; ) i 'll be back to dominican just definately not to the bavaro princess thats all . have
fun on your trip ! ! ! ! if you chose to go here anyway remember what i said , i painted a picture right here .
average we just got back from punta cana and stayed 7 nights 10/12-10/19.
we booked a 5 square deal through apple vacations .
it was not as we expected .
last year for the same amount of money we stayed at a much nicer hotel ( riu ) .
this is not a 5 apple but more of a 3 like its rated on expedia and travelocity .
we are by no means travel snobs but have stayed in lots of hotels and resorts throughout the us , caribbean , and europe and are not picky with food .
here us what our thoughts were in general : good : - nice grounds and well maintained - huge rooms - spectacular beach that was very clean ! ! - set - up like a resort not a hotel which is great if you like quitebad : - poor quality food ( geared towards european , all meat was over cooked ) - no ac anywhere but the room - huge property had to wait from ??rams? ? to take you around - rooms - old , not updated  - clogged shower drain - have used shampoos and lotions ( gross ) - no clock , had to call front desk to make dinner resv .
on time  - could not see tv from bed  - rock hard bed - main buffet was far away in main lobby  - pool : was large , but should have had some sort of bridge or walk away because you had to keep going all the way around it to get anywhere .
needs major cleaning and painting , cups and cig butts everywhere no one cleaned it until it closed at 6pm ! - bar/disco - not enough bars , clubs was ok , pretty dingy , the setup of the lobby was not meant for lounging and mingling , it was pretty awkward - service - fine , nothing spectacular , not many of the employees spoke any english fyi : lots of topless chicks and dudes in speedos , we did not mind since we are european ourselves but lots of americans are not used to the type of people here ( lots of russians , french , uk , and canadians ) all in all it was a good time , the grounds were great as well as the beach , but we would never stay at this hotel again , can find much better for the price .
should be named european princess ! ! ! ! beach was beautiful ! !
but too many loud , pushy europeans .
resort was way too large for the number of trams operating and the europeans pushed their way on even though we had been waiting longer .
food was not good - again geared toward european likes .
stopped going to the evening shows because english was not spoken much and we could not understand spanish for most of the show .
usually the entertainment group goes around the resorts we 've been to in the past and talked , tried to get the guests involved in games , etc .
not one person approached us or spoke to us .
poorly organized .
although it rained for our first 4 days ( which ca not be helped ) , we did not have an umbrella in our room and asked for 2 days for an umbrella before finally getting one .
fine , but not great enough to go back my husband and i with some very good friends just returned from punta cana .
though this was our first time in the dominican republic we have stayed quite a few times in mexico and they do not compare in any way !
the hotel was nice , rooms were okay , the grounds beautiful .
we seemed to always be told one thing and then it would turn out to be another , we could over look it if it happened once or twice but it happened way too often to be coincidence .
the upgrade was sooo not worth the cost .
the only extra thing we got was use of an outdoor lounge . . otherwise people who payed less than we did got the exact same privelages !
not worth the cost to upgrade at all .
it was a nice time , beautiful beaches and country but on the whole for the cost we will not return .
hit and miss - this hotel was advertised as a 5 star resort and was the best value for the perceived benefit before we went .
the resort is an older one with only some of the units being kept up to a higher star rating .
some of the people we stayed with got excellent rooms only after complaining where as most were designed well and i am sure were great 10 years ago but have not been kept up to a high level .
in addition if you have concerns about black mold or know about the health risks of it - do not read any further and pick another resort .
the people there are very friendly in general and always will say ola to you when you pass by with a big smile - and i mean always which makes you wonder what happens if the do not ?
( not to be too cynical ) .
but when it comes to gettinng service you will quickly find out who has their act together and who to avoid because service levels vary by person there .
the one group which always impressed me was guest services who always had their act together .
the food is average resort food .
i ca not believe some of the reviews i have read on here saying it was the best food people ever tasted .
its resort food - we even had lobster which tasted like resort food . the beach ?
thats why people come here .
its world class .
long and deep sand with beautiful warm water . as for night activities there is the daily night shows which suprised me as being actually very good .
but if you want any nightlife outside of the it is extremely lacking as the resort nightclub is horrible and the other recomended nightclubs nearby are average or dangerous at best .
in all this is an average resort .
if you get a great deal on it - i would take it only if you go for all the uprages in which case it can pass for a 4- star .
but if you are looking for anything except free booze and a nice beach then look somewhere else .
great resort !
terrible food ! !
the bavaro princess was a great place to stay .
i recommend upgrading to the platinum package , it 's worth the extra bonuses .
the staff was excellent .
margarita and ana in the platinum lounge were wonderful !
the resort grounds were beautiful and well taken care of .
our room was very nice and the maid service was very good .
the beach was always clean and beautiful !
the food , however , was terrible !
in the 7 days i was there , i lost 9 lbs .
do not waste your money going to licey , it was the worst food i 've ever eaten and the other restaurants are not much better .
the buffet was awful most nights .
the mexican buffet night was ok .
if you like to eat , i would not stay here .
by the second night i was so sick i could barely leave the room .
great resort , terrible food !
nice place , lots of inconsistencies after reading the current reviews , i 'm not sure i stayed at the same place as these other people !
we stayed at the bavaro princess from may 17-24, 2008 with the platinum upgrade .
this is our 5th trip the punta cana , the past 4 trips staying at grand palladium bavaro .
i am fairly well travelled , having been a travel agent in the past . the only reason we decided to go somewhere other than gpb was to branch out and see what another hotel complex was like .
our stays at gpb have been consistently amazing .
i was just wanting to experience something different , but still have the wonderful bavaro beach and ocean !
so , much of this review will compare between the 2 hotels , because that 's what i know and can give my opinion on . first , this is a very large complex - -92 acres is a lot of ground !
however i would walk the large grounds at gpb , and i could get to the lobby from the beach in under 10 minutes .
here it is a good 25 minutes walk .
therefore you use the tram car to get back and forth .
it is very bumpy and sometimes the drivers are as crazy as the drivers on the main roads !
getting a seat can also be a challenge as people are ready to pounce on an empty seat , especially at the lobby stop .
also after midnight these trams stop .
we were able to get a cart ride from someone at the front entrance to the hotel , but i do not know if that was just because i showed him my platinum bracelet .
platinum upgrade here is most certainly worth it for the service , the room location , and the extras you get included .
the amount you would pay for the cost of the massage , the motorized watersport , the dinner at licey and have room service once or twice - it covers the upgrade cost .
you get premium alcohol upgrade as well .
however that only helps if they have the premium alcohol you want .
i could not get bacardi rum there , altho if i drank scotch , i could get chivas regal .
also altho only platinum members are supposed to be able to get the premium alcohol , i did see others order premium drinks at the bar and they got it no questions , even tho they did not have platinum wristbands .
the wristbands are nice for platinum too - a string bracelet as opposed to the plastic amusement park type wristbands everyone else gets .
all the other extras of being platinum are gravy above that .
also i would say that if i did not have the platinum upgrade i would not reccomend this hotel at all . there are many inconsistencies in the service and the food here .
the time of year we travel is the start of the off season .
i do not know if there were less staff or what , but i found the way we were treated to range from wonderful to indifferent .
i also felt that i was in off season - -something i never experienced at gpb .
this feeling came from several different things .
certain alacartes we wanted to go to were shut down - one , which i had been looking forward to as a romantic surprize for my boyfriend on his birthday dinner - -chopin - is supposed to have a boat come by with a piano player , and at times a singer .
this floats by you as you eat .
well the night we went , we had reservations at 8 and were there till at least 1030- - no boat , no piano - nothing . the boat is supposed to go by around 830.
we could not booked mare nostrum as that was reserved for a private party the night we wanted it ( understandable ) , and the tanuki restaurant was just plain closed .
after reading others reviews about these places , you want to experience them too , and then nope , you ca not .
we did eat at el gaucho - -tooooo noisy , busy and food just okay .
beef all over hotel was generally tough .
chopin - thought as an alacarte we would be served , but this was buffet ( apparently an off season thing ) , mamma mia was wonderful , delicious food and servers who bent over backwards .
licey - -even if you do not have platinum , pay the $35 to eat here - it is well worth it .
i wish our reservations had been for the begining of the week instead of our last night .
i would have paid again and again to eat there !
do not miss it !
i was leary to go with the filet mignon after eating beef at the other restaurants - -but it was to die for - -cut it with a butter knife and it melted in your mouth !
as to the buffets i enjoy a good breakfast - but after the 1st few days i rarely bothered to make the trip , it was not worth it .
from my experience , it seems if you get something cooked to order at a buffet it was good , but pretty much anything else really did not have the right taste - i ca not even tell you what the scrambled eggs on the buffet were made with because they certainly did not taste like any eggs i have ever eaten .
the sausage was the same way .
but a freshly made omelette was delicious .
also , there were not many choices on the buffets .
the gpb had about 5 times as many choices there as we found here .
and believe me , i am not picky nor a connosieur or gourmet , i cannot stress that enough so you will understand i 'm not being picky here .
i just want something that tastes good and is edible .
also , even tho i am pretty careful about what i eat there so as to avoid any stomach upsets , i still had 2 days with sour stomach and extra bathroom trips .
unfortunately i also spoke with a group of 6 other guests staying in the platinum area who ate at chopin the same evening we did and got very sick with vomiting and diarrhea .
apparently they all had the salmon , which we did not . room service was very good .
we had breakfast and omelettes and eggs over easy were hot .
however , it took 1 hour 30 minutes and 2 phone calls to get .
people we met said they had room service breakfast in 25 minutes ( the menu states 40 minute wait time . )
also did not like that i had to call room service for ice in room ( never came ) .
there is a set - up in the room to make cocktails , but no ice .
i do not want to wait 40 minutes to have a drink .
gpb has ice machineshacks every few buildings , and you serve yourself whenever you wish .
all in all the food was a big dissapointment to me as i was never sure if something i was choosing would make me ill or plain just not taste good and there would not be enough choices to get something else .
believe me , i never had that problem at gpb .
i think is the first vacation i ever lost weight .
i will say a lot more staff here understand english , and there were also a lot more visitors here who spoke english than at gpb .
we met a lot more people here , just striking up conversations as we went thru our day .
the staff had a lot of inconsistencies in how they reacted to guests .
in the platinum lounge , we asked for a change of the rum from dark to light in our room , not a problem , they gave us a full bottle of barcelo blanco for the room .
another platinum guest asked to switch out the el presidente beers in his fridge with coronas , and was treated rudely .
we had wonderful experiences at gpb - even having one waiter call us by name our 2nd year as we walked into the restaurant on our first evening .
when you passed a worker at gpb - always an hola ! and a smile .
at the princess - very few were like that .
it seemed that for the most part these people were not happy to be there .
in the buffet - not one server spoke to us or made us feel welcome anymore than they had to in order to bring us what we needed .
we did see others have great waiters , who joked and laughed with them .
we are easy going people who will get into conversations with just about anyone .
and it was not that others had all great experiences and we did not .
we would experience this individually and also at times when people we met there were with us .
it was difficult to get a waitress to bring drinks in the lobby .
she would take used glasses , get an order from all of us , and then never return .
tipping which we do often did not seem to make a difference . i did not like the lobby here .
at gpb it was much more open and airy .
also in the evenings there was a band playing slow dance music .
it was very pleasant to sit there - you could speak with whomever you were with and not have to shout .
there were very nice inside and outside spaces to enjoy a drink .
at the princess - the show is right off the lobby .
it is very loud and distracting .
you are constantly saying what did you say ? oh one major thing i did not like - -as we sat on our balcony we were just enjoying the breeze midday and the maids were cleaning .
we noticed this day they were going to the pond by the platinum lounge and filling their cleaning buckets .
okay well hmmm , i guess thats okay to mop the floor ( but still alittle icky - -you know pond scum and all ) .
we watched as the maid not only had first dipped the mop and cleaned the floor , then she took a rag into the bucket , wrung it out and cleaned glasses for the room .
oh my ! needless to say we didnt use the glasses in our room again !
this did turn out to be a day when we found out a little later that for some reason the water was not working , only discovering that because the toilet was not flushing ( and of course on one of the days when i needed extra bathroom trips ! )
apparently this was all over the hotel , as we tried to use the bathroom off the lobby with the same result .
by late day tho we were able to get showers .
yet no one seemed very disturbed by this or saw cause to say anything to the guests about it that we could tell . i did have a nice vacation there , but that 's all it was - -nice .
not amazing . i try and make the best of whatever situation , but i was very disappointed here .
after this long winded review , my opinion is that i loved the platinum service part of this hotel , without it i would not ever stay there . but i do not think i would go back there though because of the food , it needs to be greatly improved .
if gpb had a platinum service available like that oh i would never leave there !
nice place but not a 5 stars hotel palace we stayed there 2 weeks . this is a huge hotel , with more than 1500 employees .
you can see all sort of animals walking around the park of the hotel . but the less funny were to have spiders in our room , 4 times !
otherwise hote were very clean , park , swimming pool , restaurant , beach . . . things to improove : 1/we are in a beautifull island where sun is shinning everyday , its very sad to have a so dark room , just one window for this very spacious room .2/not
enought changes for the buffet but we have the right to go on several other restaurant of the hotel where food is simply very delicious .
just got back hello my wife and i just got back from punta cana dr .
we stayed @ the bavaro princess for 5 nights . we went there with an open mind we did check some reviews out some were factual and some to all truthful .
i must tell you all we do travel alot so we do have lot of experenices in the caribbean .
well i must tell you for most of us the first day is a wash our case it was 3am -3pm avery long day . when we arrived @ the airport in punta cana the wait just was unbelieveable we sat for 2hs in a hot bus just waiting and waiting for what we will never told .
upon getting to the hotel the front desk personnel advised us that are rooms would be in the 900 section in which we requested to be closer to the beach , which was granted .
when we got to are room there was a very bad musty smell so i called the front desk and was told we would have to wait until sat @ 3pm to see if there was a room available that was 3 days away . ,all
i wanted to know if this was this normal or was it just our room i couldnt get a straight answer from anyone .
so i ask the maintenance man if he could spray the room and clean it the next morning in which he did so we opt to stay there we justed wanted to try to enjoy our vaction . the next day we walked around the resort and i must tell you the ground were beautiful peacocks , flamingos rooster and all other types of nince looking birds runnig all around .
we made it to the beach and it was everything that we were told just beautiful beach its proabally the nice one i have ever seen very clean plenty white sand and alot of shade .
the food i must tell was a mixed bag some good some not so good i think the food prep had alot to do with the taste just okay all in all . i will tell you a couple of helpful tips bring a watch and alot of one dollar billsand dont travel outside the resort unless you are going home its not safe outside the front gate i will leave it at that .
the rooms are dated but clean they are however huge and the room service is great the people work very hard to make your stay enjoyable communication is not a problem but i must tell you english is in the minority there but it is very interesting at that .
i must be honest we will not return to dr its just not worth the valve of your hard earn dollar so in closing pls email me i would be happy to respone to you thanks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
mixed review i also was a little worried about going here after reading some of the reviews .
we were there from march 30th to april 6th .
this is our 3rd trip to dominican republic .
we loved the resort .
it was beautiful , clean , picturesque .
very large . the trolley cars are a great idea though we walked most of the time .
everything is within about a 10 minute walk .
our weather was not the greatest but even bad weather there is better than winter in nh .
it did rain one day and a small storm every day that passed over after about 15 minutes .
the beach is absolutely the best .
we did not go in the pool but it was very clean and quite lovely .
there are more than enough lounge chairs for everyone and plenty of shade to be had both at the beach and at the pool area .
i did not see any bugs .
our check in was a nightmare and we thought we had made a major mistake in coming here .
we were a group of 4 couples , one couple honeymooners who had requested a king size bed .
they and one other couple were given twin beds but that was finally taken care after a few hours .
we were not given beach towel cards and by the time we finally did get them , the towels were all gone .
we arrived about 2:30 and we had about 10 minutes to find the food and eat before it was closed down .
things improved 100% the next day after a great night 's sleep on a very comfortable , firm , mattress .
very quiet .
very nice .
we did end up enjoying our stay but i have to agree with the folks who were not impressed with the food or the service .
you will never go hungry here as there is always something to eat .
even if it 's salad , fruit and rolls .
they do not cook beef well at all .
we did not find many of the restaurants that great either .
the italian was very good , we could not even find anything to eat from the seafood restaurant menu , though that could be because living in new england , we have the best seafood in the world .
we also did not find the service to be even acceptable a lot of the time .
it took 3 servers every morning just to get a cup of tea .
one to bring the cup . the next to bring the hot water and then another to get a teabag .
very frustrating .
there were a couple of waitresses who were pleasant but we found many of the servers to be unfriendly .
the language barrier was also a problem but not their fault .
the bartenders and maids were exceptions .
the maid who did our room was fantastic .
she would make swans out of the towels and decorate the room with hibiscus blossoms every day . . very hard working and pleasant person .
i do have to say that all the servers and staff are extremely hard working people though their pace is definitely not like ours .
we have been to many resorts so knew what to expect from a good resort .
i 'm not sure how to rate this place .
if food is not a priority for you and you do not mind very slow , sometime lousy , service but want to visit a well kept , beautiful place , then this is the place to go .
everything else about it was great .
i do not think we would go back because there are many other resorts on punta cana .
we did have a good time .
the honeymooners said they would return in a heartbeat , the rest of us probably would not .
bring plenty of dollars for tips .
they do not act as though they expect it but they do appreciate it .
it was not bad toronto , ontario . i was at this resort from feb 21-28th .
i went with my 2 girlfriends who are frequent travellers down south and they also said it was a below average resort .
for me , i 've been to a few places ( cayman island , cozumel , bahamas ) but i never thought my trip to punta cana would be like this .
first , i have to say that the beach is fabulous !
it is the only reason why i rank it a 3 star .
the resort has nice landscaping but i think instead of putting attention to the outside land area , there needs to be more work done to the rooms .
i do expect that the rooms will have a musky smell but our room ( in front of the beach ) stunk like heavy mildew and was worse when the ac was on .
it blew a stench of mildew into our faces constantly !
i was also disappointed with the bathroom .
i wanted to wear rubber boots when i was taking a shower .
the water did not drain so i was showering in a puddle of dirt and other junk that was back logged from the drain .
the bathroom condition was disgusting .
as for the food , it was okay .
i never touched the fresh fruit or the salads but always had the foods that were hot .
my friend ate the green salads and fruits and got a little sick .
so i stayed away from that .
the main buffet in the lobby area was decent so we ate there frequently .
the late night snack buffet is disgusting but there is not anything else to eat because food cooking stops at 10pm .
the resort is huge so you have to take a trolley to get around .
it 's great to use during the day but watch out if you decide to stay out past midnight , there is none to be found .
from the front lobby to our room , it was a brisk walk of 15-20 mins ! ! ! which bring about another point , there are millions of mosquitoes so make sure you go to a travel clinic to get anti - malarial medications and bug spray .
my friends and i were eaten alive , especially at night when we had to walk back to our room ! ! ! !most of the staff were friendly but some of them needed to learn some manners .
since we were 3 females , the male workers were sometimes too aggressive and persistent in hanging out with us .
just really annoying because they would not take no as an answer .
we met a gentleman who was there with his wife from grand rapids , michigan who we had to pretend was one of my friends father .
he would come over and tell the workers to beat it !
it worked because he was a big giant and very serious looking .
thank you richard and sue ! ! ! the entertainment ( nightly theatre ) is not that great but there is not much else to do after dinner .
on our first night , we were told to go to the hotel 's night club .
so we went but the details were a secret .
at the front of the lobby , there was this cab/shuttle that picked us up ( looked like a hotel shuttle , but is not ) and took us about 10 mins from the hotel .
it was aeraeito ( ? ) .
so when we got there , we thought it was part of the hotel ( all inclusive ) so we ordered drinks but then the bartender said that each drink was $7! ! ! then another bartender said it was $6/ drink .
the first bartender was a complete liar and scammer !
the odd thing is , they kept saying that they were part of the bavaro princess hotel but the club was a separate cost .
at the end of the night , we left the club thinking that we could take that shuttle back to the lobby , but nope , we had to pay to get back ( again many different quotes of prices ) .
so what they should have told us : bring lots of money because we 'll give you a free ride going there but you 're on your own after you get out of that shuttle , you have to pay for drinks and ride home .
we did not bring enough money ( just enough to tip hotel workers ) so we walked home , which was a long , dark and scary walk ! ! ! ! avoid the night club , it 's full of weird locals and prostitutes !
overall , the resort was not bad .
if you get a good deal ( like less than 900 canadian dollars , without taxes ) i would say , give it a try but but do not expect a 5 star .
it 's more like a 3 star .
would not return my husband and i booked this trip for the purpose of a relatively inexpensive , long weekend chance to get to the beach .
we knew when booking that the resort was not going to be the same quality as other , more expensive , resorts where we have stayed in the past .
we learned that you definitely get what you pay for . foodwe only ate the buffet restaurants .
we had reservations for the italian restaurant for our last night , but by then i was so sick with some sort of food poisoning/fever that we could not make it . the lobby buffet was ok - in general the lunch was better than the dinner .
they had theme nights for dinner and they were pretty bad .
they always had a pasta bar and an american theme bar , but the american bar was pretty gross looking .
the nachos and french fries were ok , but that was about it .
we had the beach buffet one afternoon and that was my favorite meal while at the resort .
the view could not be beat and the food was good ( the pistachio ice cream was my favorite ) .
however , there 's no air conditioning in either buffet restaurant and you spend most of the meal sweating . drinksi 'm not an alcohol person , so i was more than happy with the pina coladas and coco locos that i ordered like crazy .
however , the drinks are served in plastic cups ( very tacky ) that make you feel like you 're at a frat party .
the house beer was not bad according to my husband .
there is a bar on the beach , which is nice , but unlike any other resort i 've been to , there is no waiter service around the pool , so you have to get up each time you want a drink .
poolthe pool was large and looked great in all the pictures .
however , it was not well maintained and should have been much cleaner .
there were also a lot of drunk people hanging out by the swim up bar ( shocking , i know ) but it made it a less relaxing environment and felt very cheesy . beachthe beach was the most beautiful that i have ever seen .
the ocean was perfect - warm with just the right amount of waves .
i was surprised to find that i was just about the only woman with a top on , so be prepared for that . the housekeeping staff and the maintenance/groundkeeping staff seemed to work very hard and that should be mentioned . i would not return to this resort .
part of it is the horrible association i would have with how sick i became while there and part of it is just that it is not very luxurious and was lacking in hospitality .
interesting vacation - a real review hello all , i stayed for ten days at the bavaro princess at punta cana .
at first i must admit that i was quite scared because the reviews were not that great .
however i found that when we got there check in was smooth and they even allowed us to check in prior to their 3oclock check in time .
i was quite surprised to find that there is no air condition in the reception area nor in the restauraunt that we ate in the hispaniola the food was very good and there was a great variety .
i figured that was the only places that were not air conditioned and i liked the fact that there was this natural effect to the place .
shortly after we ate we were transferred to our rooms which had four twin size beds which was perfect for our family , since the two adults were not couples and so every one had their own bed .
the air conditioner worked perfectly and at times was a bit too cold because the vents were facing directly on our beds , however after they were shifted in a different direction it was great .
the first day we made reservation fr el gaucho where the churasco was amazing nice and tender and well seasoned with vegetables , potatoes and yucca .
it was very tasty .
i realized that most reviews that stated that the food was awful were liars or just not accustomed to seasoned foods with good taste .
i will strongly suggest that tast is all dependent on the individual .
if you are used to eating a certain type of way then you might not like certain types of foods and you cannot complain because you are choosing to go to this vacation destination .
at all times i also saw a pasta station available just in case .
there are hamburers , , hot dogs , pizza as well for those who do not like ethnic foods like rice beans and meat .
as far as getting sick , i did spend a lot of time in the bathroom but this can be attributed to drinking alcohol as well .
the food itself did not cause me to be sick .
i think anywehere you go the change in atmosphere , the sun , the pool , different foods , the nerves can cause one to be a little more apt to using the bathroom .
take alka seltzer , pepto bismol , immodium ad or whatever works and keep the party going .
i took some alka seltzer and that was all i needed .
i brushed my teeth with the water from the faucet and had no problems however they do provide a bottle of water by the sink to avoid any issues .
one thing i did have a problem with was the service .
being that i have visited other places and the service has always been better than what i received .
there are constant waitresses walking around picking up the dirty cups and cleaning ashtrays however at times it seems that asking them to get you a dring was not a part of their job .
i do understand that they are tired because these people work very hard .
you see them at night and early in the morning all over again .
it seems that they do not sleep and they do work long hours and long days since most work eleven days consecutively and are off for three days .
i suggest that you be patient and do tip them sicne they do not get paid that well .
the entertainment was fun although at times it was daunting because they did a lot of dancing back to back .
the location of your room is very important being that there is a trolley that takes you back and forth from the lobby to your room .
if you are too far from the pool and the beach then you might have a problem getting a palapa in the shade because by 830 they are mostly held by other guests with their beach towels .
our room was closer to the pool than the lobby and we were comfortable .
there is a nother pool by the lobby that is smaller and more private .
i never went to that pool since i was closer to the main pool and the beach .
my villa was 40.
the club located inside the casino was never full only about fifteen people at one time .
however the music was good and they played a variety of music .
it was small but cozy .
they provide transportation to a nearby discotheque called areito in which the entrance is complimentary and you pay for your drinks .
the music was good they play a lot of spanish music like salsa , merengue , reggaton .
however if you are going to a spanish speaking country this should be expected .
some people just like to complain about everything .
just like i see some of the people complain about some of the workers not knowing english however there are french , portugese , italian people that go and deal with it .
again if you are in a spanish country enjoying yourself make the best of it and get to know the basics at least .
oh i almost forgot the infamous trolley .
overall it was consecutive however when we were there two broke down and therefore they were often too packed for us to ride which meant long waits .
otherwise they were prompt .
i just like being able to go where i want to go when i want to go so maybe a smaller resort would be better .
its all about your preference and your attitude towards things . overall my stay at this resort was pleasant , some workers were extremely corteous and therefore i made sure to tip them .
i never tipped to get service , i made sure to tip if i received good service .
you will enjoy yourself at this resort being that it is beautiful , the food was good , the entertainment was entertaining and the beach was spectacular .
as far as excursions i recommend the the saona island and the buggy tour .
this is not the best but it is not the worst .
size does matter the negatives : bigger is not always better as this resort clearly demonstrates .
bavaro princess is huge and when we were there (28 jul - 11 aug ) it was fully booked .
as a result service was hit and miss ( in spite of generous tipping ) , the pool was constantly busy , palapas on the beach were difficult to obtain and during peak times hot water shower pressure was almost non - existent .
the air - conditioning was barely adequate .
the ??wimming? ? pools aren?? really swimming pools but more like wading pools and totally inadequate to cope with a full house .
trying to get a drink at the swim up bar was difficult and very time consuming , a result of too many people , inadequate facilities and inadequate staff .
as we arrived late on our first day , we ate our first evening meal at the main buffet ( which we never repeated over the following 13 nights ) not because the food was bad but because of the feeding frenzy and lack of courtesy exhibited by the diners .
this leads me to my next point , one that you couldn?? blame the resort for ? ? and that is the lack of decorum of some of the guests .
there were guests who had no idea of what standing in a queue meant ? ? they would barge a line as though others didn?? exist , they would pile food on their plates as if it was their last supper ( and would leave half of it ) ; there were people who would whistle and yell at the top of their voices across the room to get the attention of an acquaintance??n the restaurant by the beach , guests ( old overweight men and women ) would show up for their breakfast and lunch buffet in skimpy speedos and bikinis with no cover ? ? enough to put anyone off their food ? ? and yet nothing was said or done about any of it .
i have seen better mannered people with a sense of decorum in far more inexpensive resorts than this? ? folks , this is most certainly not a five star .
the positives : platinum service : we travelled air canada , which gave us ??latinum? ? service , which given the overall ??usyness? ? of the place , was well worth it .
platinum service allowed for a quick check in/out , quick reservations to all the restaurants not only at bavaro princess but also at the two adjoining sister properties ( where the service was superb ) .
the private lounch with drinks , tv , snacks and internet service was a plus . restaurants : other than the buffets , all the restaurants were good .
our favourites were the japanese , chopin , and liccy .
at the punta cana princess we really enjoyed le fondue and il baccio .
at the caribe princess , the local dominican restaurant ? ? can?? remember the name ? ? was also very good .
the service in the ? ? ? ? star sister hotels was far better than at the ? ? ? ? star bavaro princess . the beach : very nice beach but i had to be up early enough to ensure a decent front row palapa away from the madding crowd .
entertainment : most of the shows were very good - some of the entertainers were brought in and were professional .
no complaints here .
booze : most times we got the premium brands ( perhaps because i tipped and had the platinum wrist band ) .
i learnt to tip the same bar tender ( and the same waitress ) every night and that was the only way we were ensured quick service and only at the main bar/lobby .
no complaints here .
the grounds : superb with peacocks , ducks , birds , and flamingoes .
well looked after . shuttle service : reasonably good for the amount of guests - got to where we had to get to when we had to get there .
overall verdict : we enjoyed our stay but it would have been far better had there been less people or had the hotel had the staff and facilities to cope with their number of guests .
i would give this resort a lukewarm recommendation . . . nonetheless , we had a nice and relaxing two weeks .
liked the bavaro princess ( montreal ) we were at the bavaro princess week of august 5.
the beach was wonderful .
we always managed to find a hut .
the people are friendly . and since the grounds are large , they have a tram that was quite frequent and we never had to wait long .
you just have to get used to the smell of exhaust ( gas ) .our bungalow was midway between the beach and the main hall .
it is a 7 minute walk to the beach .
a little more to get the the main hall but you get to pass through the small bird sanctuary which is very nice . the food at the buffet is okay and the ? la carte restaurants are all very good .
we went to chopin ( deluxe buffet ) , the bella pasta , el gaucho and the japanese .
we also enjoyed the evening buffets , especially the mi tierra night buffet . at the buffet restaurants , service is always a challenge .
but that is what we made it out to be , a challenge .
and instead of being annoyed and irritated , we were determined to get our red wine . . . and we did . we did not like the fact that the water sports centre is operated by a third party ( scuba caribe ) .
there are few kayaks and saw one pedalo which nobody ever took out because of the waves .
we went snorkling by booking directly at the watersports centre for a 1 1/2 hour outing .
they take you by motor boat to a reef ( located in front of the barcelo hotel ) .
unfortunately the guide was in a hurry and we snorkled for barely 40 minutes before returning .
this was not worth our while at all .
and all of the excursions we were interested in were very expensive . on the beach , many people get up early to reserve their hut and never end up showing up and we find this practice to be rude .
we saw that the beach was cleaned daily and someone was always there to pick up garbage and glasses . when travelling outside the compound ( to and from the airport ) that there are lots of garbage everywhere . the room is quite nice , but is in need of some paint and thorough cleaning .
sheets were once dirty and face cloths are non existent .
air conditioning barely makes it but the outside temperature was so warm , you appreciate what you can get .
we are relatively pleased with our trip .
we did not get to snorkel to our satisfaction however .
the vegetation in the dr is beautiful and green , especially compared to cuba .
the night that features the beach party is not to be missed .
enjoyed it .
came back from bavaro princess resort on august 9th .
i must say that nine of us went , including children , youngest being 2yrs old , and we did not have any problems at this resort . room was great , ac worked great , water pressure was great , hot water was great , pool and beach was great , food was great , none of us got sick from the food .
we had breakfast and lunch at the buffet , and dinner , we had at the restaurants , and it was good . this is a beautiful resort , with wonderful friendly people who work very hard .
shows at night time were really good , i enjoyed all of them .
beautiful , beautiful resort .
just ok it was nice but not great .
our first room in the hotel room ( jr suite ) area at the front of the resort was terrible .
we could not change rooms until the next day due to the hotel being full .
here are some of the problems with our first room - the toilet wo not stop running , the tub was so dirty looking , the phone did not work ( the wires were hanging out of the wall ) , two lights did not work etc .
the next day we upgraded to a suite in the bungalows .
it was nice but it was aging .
this was my 3rd time to dr and my husband 's 5th and i think our last for awhile .
we 've done a lot of travelling and i just was not loving dr this time .
the beach is beautiful and the food was ok .
for the price you pay dr is a fair value but this resort is not a 5 star !
never again i got back yesterday after spending a week at the bavaro princess . this trip was a big disappointment .
first of all , we had no hot water for 3 days .
not so bad for me to take a cold shower , but terrible for my 5 yr old daughter .
the water pressure is terrible too .
food was pretty bad and i was sick just about everyday .
staff was rude and it was very hard to find anyone that spoke much english at all .
i sometimes got the feeling that they understood what i was saying but chose to play dumb !
the disco opens at 12 and closes at 2 which is ridiculous .
most of the young people were going to a club in the hotel next door .
they have a kids club but with limited hours and limited activities .
the game room for older kids is a joke . it is a tiny room with a couple of pool tables in it .
not very inviting .
the resort is huge .
you have to take a trolley everywhere and it can be hard to find one depending on the time of day .
luckily i was a platinum guest and my room was near the beach and pool as well as one of the buffets .
i feel sorry for anyone getting stuck in one of the rooms in the hotel .
it is basically at the enterance to the resort and near nothing !
i would not reccomend this resort to any one and would never go back .
if you are looking for a nice , big all inclusive resort that is inexpensive , try moon palace in mexico near cancun .
i had a much better experience there .
there is always food and drink around the pool , the people are nice and it is a pleasant experience .
at the princess , no one comes around taking drink orders atthe pool .
and the drinks are the pits !
they do not have cranberry juice for some reason .
that was a real pain since almost all the drinks i wanted required cranberry juice !
the only good thing i can say about the princess is that the beach is beatiful and they do keep the grounds nice .
mexicos beaches are a little rough .
all in all , stay away from this hotel .
it just isnt worth it ! ! 5 stars it is not .
not even close ! ! !
beautiful resort my experience was good and bad .
bavaro princess was beautiful , grounds well kept .
beach was beautful .
problem with communication , however , they tried very hard .
carlos with apple vacation was witty , knowledgeable , and very helpful through out our stay .
one thing we were not told , and made a difference since one of our members was on insulin , and needed it refrigerated .
the key card they give you when you go to your room needs to remain in their slot 24 hrs .
we had no lights , no refrigeration due to lack of explaining this to us .
it was quickly resolved with a call to the front desk .
we had a problem with the air conditioning unit leaking into the hallway , the floors are all tiled , and one of our ladies took a fall on the wet floor in the midddle of the night .
we also had another member who went to turn on a light over the bed suffer a shock up her arm due to the lamp shorting out .
this issue was also quickly resolved .
we had no problem with getting drinks anywhere .
we did however tip the staff who assisted with our room , drinks , restaurant , casino etc .
our service was excellent .
they actually came more than one time a day and restocked refrigerator , towels , soap , shampoo , coffee etc . plenty of bottles of water .
beds were made up each day and turned down each night , with flowers leftthrough out the room .
we took an excursion , and these people drive like they are crazy .
it is their way of life however , and we laughed as much as we cringed .
i was not impressed with the entertainment , although you had to give them credit for trying . their pools were awesome .
staff friendly .
trams drove like a bat out of h - - - .
if you get your hair braided think twice before having it done all over , especially if not on the beach resort . i had a reaction to the wax or whatever they put on your hair and had to go to the er when we got off of the plane .
i was put on 5 different medications and it took at least two weeks , hospital and doctor visit before cleared .
as i said good and bad .
overall , i would recommend the princess bavaro not as a 5 as apple states but at least a 4. i do not plan on traveling outside of the u . s . for years to come , but it was an experience i 'm glad we had .
get what you pay for i 'll be brief . . .10 of us booked through apple for an inexpensive getaway .
we read all of the reviews , so we knew what to expect .
honestly , you get what you pay for .
that is not good and it is not bad .
my husband and i paid for the platinum upgrade and felt it was way worth it .
our room was close to the beach and restaurants .
newer and cleaner .
better alcohol when you wanted to go to the lounge for it .
the lounge was nice for refreshments , internet , help with restaurants , etc . the good . . . we avoided tap water in our rooms and did not get sick . food was pretty good . beach was beautiful . casino was entertaining , as was parasailing , shark encounter and snorkeling . the not so good . . . the condition of the pool water ( and the people peeing in it ) .drinks were low alcohol , so we drank lots of them ! chewed on by mosquitos and ants under the palapas . some rooms had a musty smell that the ac could not get out . a little boring after a few days since leaving the resort is a little sketchy . carlos the apple rep in hotel told half our group that their flight was pushed back when in fact it was not !
they nearly missed their flight home !
wherever the fire happened , there was no trace of it during our visit last week .
they did a great job of rebuilding .
the hotel is huge , and must have been a real thing of beauty when it was first built .
with the hassle getting to d . r . with passports , delays with broken down planes on the runway and the sketchy conditions here , i do not think we 'll be back .
we had fun being together , but key west was better/easier last year .
what you pay is what you get our family of 6 ( kids ages 16, 14, 12 and 7) vacationed 6/6-6/13 at bavaro princess .
the most recent reviews really seem to accurately assess bp .
so , i will just try to hit on some of the topics we had concerns about before we went .
we paid less to stay here than other all inclusives and i would say we got our moneys worth .
the resort is beautful , well manicured with a wonderful beach ( plenty of shaded huts ) .
yes , it is huge but the tram shuttle is convenient and easy to use .
the rooms are large ( no problems with odors or bugs ) and the maid service was fine .
definite water pressure problem but really no big deal .
there is a sewer odor by buildings 20-21 so i would avoid them .
the food was okay , ( i am blessed with children who are not fussy eaters ) so we could always find something to eat , some days were just harder than others and there was always a pasta bar at dinner and lunch .
lets face it if you are looking for exceptional food do not stay at an all - inclusive .
trust me nobody starved .
ala carte restaurants were average and a nice change of pace from the buffet , but service was bad ( did not get our order entirely correct at any one restaurant ) .
the one buffet we really did not care for was dominican night ( thursday ) , but as mentioned did not have a problem finding something to eat .
my only real complaint would be the service at the pool/swim up bar .
pretty ridiculous to only have one bartender for a 15 stool swim up bar .
we gave him a nice tip the first day but really did not get very good service .
other workers ( waiters , maids , maintenance . . . . ) were polite and helpful .
night time shows nothing exciting and not much else to do at night except for lobby bar ( which had the best drinks ) outside the resort forget about shopping , i 'm use to bargaining in mexico but these people were uncomfortably pushy and rude .
we just turned around and went back to the resort .
so , if you 're looking for a reasonably priced vacation at a beautiful laid back resort with average service and food and not a big night life bavaro princess will suit your needs .
the good and the bad we went to this resort for our honeymoon , we had booked a honeymoon suite which i do not recommend only because they put the honeymooners all the way in the back of the resort and no where near the beach and you can see the street , so we ended up switching our room to be closer to the main pool and the beach .
the service was amazing they were very nice and switched our room with no problems at all .
the food was ok it was not bad but not fantastic .
we ate at every restaurant except for the seafood place .
i found the la hispaniola the best because it is buffet and there were many options to choose from .
however most of the restaurant is not air conditioned the room was great very spacious and the grounds were so nice very well up keep there was always someone working on the grounds .
one thing we really enjoyed is the wildlife we saw so many different animals like fish , geese , peacocks , flamingos , parrots , woodpeckers .
it was really nice .
the was a fire there back in march and though all the restaurants were open except for one they are rebuilding and that is right behind the main pool so while your trying to relax at the pool you can hear the banging and construction going on they tried to keep the music always playing to cover it up but did not really work .
the other thing was there was not much for entertainment they had a show every night at 10pm and that was pretty much it .
the resort is extremely big and require you to take trolleys everywhere which was not bad but when you want to grab a bite to eat and you have to wait for a trolley it can be annoying .
if you make reservations at a la carte restaurant you cannot be late or they do not accept you so when you need to get somewhere and waiting for a trolley ( that has enough room on it ) it makes it difficult . overall we had a decent trip the resort was a nice place but would not return to that resort but would go back to dr they have amazing beaches ! ! !
5- star resort with 1- star clientelle we stayed at the bavaro princess may 1-8, 2007 and it was the first all - inc experience i had . the goodfirst off , i must say that the landscape and gardens of this resort was gorgeous .
lush vegitation , palm trees , parrots and peacocks roaming freely made each walk to the beach like a trip through a tropical forrest .
our hotel room was about a 5- minute walk from the beach , they also have a trolly for the lazy people that drives to the beach every few minutes . the staff were on the most part very friendly , there were a few guys who were rude but most were exceptionally friendly .
the room was okay , not comparable to the 4 or 5- star hotels here in canada but it 's to be expected .
the beach was perfect , nicer than any other i 've seen .
there were always chairs available , however we had to get up there before 8am to grab one under the shade each day .
there were 2 restaurants that had terrific food ( el pescador and sakura ) , i would be happy eating in either restaurant all week .
i highly recommend the grilled lobster . the not - so - goodthe buffet restaurant , for whatever reason , never seemed to have even moderately - warm food .
while we were never sick , the food at breakfast was never enjoyable ( save for the fruit ) and always cold , and the nights we had dinner there we found little that interested us , and again most of the food was cold . also , while no fault of the resort , there were usually long lineups at the bars .
sometimes the bartenders would ignore you to serve those waiving dollar bills , and the beer was very watered down .
the place was very busy , the crowd for the most part seemed to be composed of ignorant americans who did not know how to act in public .
for a five - star resort there were lots of annoying frat - boy thug types and obnoxious , rude classless americans who treated staff like garbage . it was also very expensive , the same box of rj cigars that my gf picked up in cuba for 25$ was 200$ here .
for a 750ml bottle of the local rum it was 25$ .
even tacky souveniours were way overpriced , even by western standards . the final complaint was the mosquitoes .
i look like i came back from a camping trip rather than a beach vacation .
this was especially annoying at some of the restaurants located near ponds , as the restaurants have no walls the mosquitoes are numerous .
in fact , we had to cut a few meals short due to being eaten alive .
bring lots of repellant ! overall , a beautiful resort well worth the money run by energetic and friendly staff .
while i would probably not return myself ( would rather go to cuba or jamaica ) , i do recommend this place .
many of the things i complained about could have been due to the time of our trip and not necessarily the resort itself .
not bad ! ! ! ! ! my wife and i celebrated our 10 year anniversay at the bavaro princess all suites resort .
we spent five nights in the honeymoon suite .
we have no complaints about the accommodations .
our room was very nice and clean . there is good for here , but you have to seach for it .
the buffet is good for breakfast and lunch .
i hghly recommend making reservations at one of the restaurants for your dinners .
if you only eat at the buffet , you will not enjoy your stay . this is a mega resort .
it is very spread out .
you will have to take a tram to get to many places .
this can be a nuisance at times .
please keep in mind that not many of the suites have an ocean view .
our suite was literally about a mile from the beach . if you are one of those ugly americans , you may not like this place .
please remember that you are in a third world country where spanish is the national language .
if you have no patience for repeating yourself or for not being understood , do not come here .
the servers and bartenders speak very little english .
when in rome do as the romans , try to speak spanish they really appreciate the effort . unfortunately , this resort allows timeshare representatives on the premises .
be prepared , you will be approached by them on a daily basis .
do not fall for the free gift offer , unless you want to waste a half a day listening to their sales pitch . remember , you get what you pay for .
if you do not expect the best , you will enjoy your stay .
if you expect the best , you will be very disappointed .
fire at bavaro princess just got back from bavaro princess on monday , 3/19/07. do not let any one kid you .
it was a major fire that burnt down all the restaurants and bars along the beach with the exception of one bar on the beach and the pool bar . they have done a great job of relocating restauants and bars to other parts of the facilty . the restauarants and bars that are not located on the beach were totally unaffected such as sukura , chopin , hispaniola , piano bar , premium lounge , etc . the fire was on sunday morning around 2am to 5am and was unfortunately quite spectactular as it was the buildings with the thatched roofs that caught on fire .
once it caught there was no stopping it . i thought that waking up later sunday morning that the place was going to be chaos but was amazed how well they handled the situation . by 10 am they had the place all roped off and there were workers everywhere cleaning up . people were using the pool and beach as if nothing happened . we went to breakfast which was moved to chopin restauarant and there was hardly a line at all . i do not know how crowded lunches and dinners got as we left for our return flight home that got cancelled around 11:30 pm from a 3:20 pm take - off and got shipped off to another hotel for an attempt at a return flight home on monday supposedly due to weather delays and equipment problems back in boston .
( no fault of bavaro princess ) .overall i thought the place was pretty nice and did not find a lot of the negative things that other reviews have stated . food was ok at best . . . certainly nothing great . went with a group of 10 of us for a week and none of us got sick .
great place after reading many , many reviews on this place , i was very hesitant to stay here .
however , my fears were quickly laid to rest .
the grounds were impeccable - the maintenance workers daily took care of everything .
the landscaping was beautiful .
the hotel is a huge complex ; we were lucky enough to have our room centered in this place - we were half way to the lobby and half way to the beach .
because my husband and i like to walk ; we did so , however , the trams ran very often , and if you wanted to ride , you could .
we had no trouble with any of the employees whatsoever .
in fact , we often commented how nice everyone was .
the food was not the best - but we 're in a foreign country , so i can handle watching what i eat and did not go away hungry from any place where we ate .
best meal : el gaucho - the argentian steak was to die for ! !
we ate at el gaucho 2x just for the steak .
make your reservations early in the day or for the whole week , if you want .
the italians restaurant was good also !
we also ate the nightly buffets if we did not have reservations anywhere else - it was fine !
i felt the pool could have been cleaner , but then you have people coming in from the beach and going right into the pool - they did not bother to wash their feet off at the many places you could - so go figure ! ! lunch at the party pool - hamburgers were great .
went to the spa - wonderful - and the prices were very reasonable .
after 4 days in the salt water and sea , the massage with oils was very much appreciated .
the quiet pool near the main lobby was very nice - we spent 3 days there - it was nice to get away from the partying mode .
the room was okay - no problems with hot water like i had read from other people .
i do not go on vacation to spend my time in the hotel room .
and the beach in punta cana is the best i 've ever been to .
the entertainment crew at the pool was great - these guys definitely go out of their way to make sure everyone is having fun .
we definitely had a great time here and i would definitely stay here again .
excellent amenities , average service this is a truly beautiful resort , very large but walkable and there is a tram .
the beach is outstanding though there are not enough huts ( umbrellas ) nor enough trash bins .
the bins they had were very small and always full , the wind blew trash around .
there was coffee and tea self service available but no cups were ever there .
you have to ask for it to be served and they are slow .
the beer should be self serve also , as you have to wait for many mixed drinks to be made before your turn to get a beer . our suite was nice , the bed comfy and the view lovely .
there are two steps to the bath and to the bedroom , not good at night if you are not too good on your feet .
we needed the sliding closet door fixed and a leaky sink drain and the toilet seal leak fixed .
they were all fixed the day after we called .
the sewage plant is too close to the resort so the odor is sometimes a problem .
our room was not too close to it . the food was very good .
they had many special events during the day and for dinners .
the ocean is a little rough and the pool was outstanding .
the weather was great .
bavaro princess middle of the road we have also stayed at ifa ( low end ) and secrets ( high end ) and i would definitely say this was middle of the road .
my husband liked the food but i was very cautious of it from previous reviews .
i saw what others in food industry saw - food being kept to temp with lights , not fire .
stay away from anything cooked that was not dry to begin with .
pasta is fine but stay away from the burgers .
we were lucky and got room 038 without even asking .
the room 's balclony looks directly on the beach .
if you speak spanish at the front desk it certainly helps .
if you do not , do not expect any favors .
same as would be in the us .
best bar by far is the larger pool bar on the upper side .
maximo will be your best friend there .
worth getting to know him .
the beach side bar takes 10 minutes longer .
only saw the lobby bars at night .
entertainment was geared more for kids from what we saw , of course we go to bed early these days .
if you are booking thru apple tours , skip the transport back on the bus and take a taxi .
only $30 for 2 people and you get 2 extra hours on the beach before you leave .
same thing with every resort .
as far as food - be smart !
the 2 other resorts we stayed at had no complaints about food .
we took plenty of chips and cookies with us from home so we were never lacking for safe food .
very large resort we spent the holidays at this resort our vacation started on the 19th of dec and continued to the 2 of january .
it 's our 4th time to punta cana and we 'ed all agreee that it was an okay experience .
we travelled in a group of 6 including 3 children .
for me the resort was too big with so much time being spent travelling to and from breakfast , the beach and the pool .
for my children the pool was the largest disappointment .
it was dirty , and although we saw pool boys cleaning each morning with the amount of people at this resort it should have been done at least three times a day .
the children were content with the kids club and actually particpated in most of the events .
bella did a wonderful job including the children , especially in the lion king show .
the evening entertainment was enteraining ! ! our vacation last year was at the lti just up the beach and for us we would all go back there in a flash , the food was nothing to get excited about , however the bar b que chicken and fries were to die for .
i believe it all depends on what your expectations are .
i want a safe beach , no roaches , and no illness .
there is only so much a resort can do to make your trip enjoyable , you have to make it what it is .
your travel companions , realistic expectaions , and the desire to have a great vacation .
in regards to the staff , just like at home if you treat them with respect , and attempt to communicate with them they will do anything in their power to help you .
i speak limited spanish and my husband who is portuguese helps out , and our children who speak french all made an effort to communicate .
i believe in tipping and we had no problems with the bar , the restaurants , or the front desk , and freddy who books your reservations for the al la carte was just amazing .
over all i would be honest when giving a reference for this hotel , for us it is to big , the pool could have been a lot cleaner but the staff are great , there were no bugs in our rooms , and the food was what it is .
travelling at this time of the year would not be my first choice again , it 's still winter so the days are shorter , it was very windy , and it rained at least once a day during our two week period .
no fault of the resort though . for families that like everything close at hand , clean , and regular staff who basically become your individual host then i recommend the lti .
where ever you may end up on your vacation just remember it is a vacation sit back relax and enjoy .
mixedfeelings me (34) and my husband stayed from 14 untill 25th of december at the bavaro princess all suites resort . room was fine and clean , not even 1 minute walk from the pool and beach .
mainly stayed at the beach which was lovely and not to busy , pool area was nice but every afternoon too much loud dance music , a bit of music is nice but this was just too much ( even for a girl who so now and then likes to party ) .they also come on the beach or hotel lobby with a little monkey , parrots etc to make pictures which you can buy later , pls do not do this , these animals should not be used for silly things like this ! also ignore the men in the lobby who tell you you can book your holiday cheaper and they just want 5 minutes of your time . it costed us 2 hours and all they want is to sell you a holidayplan for the next 30 years !
gardens are gorgeous so nice to walk around , the little trains come very regular and you do not feel you are in such a big resort . buffet was fine but not special , a lot of the food was lukewarm .
we went once to the italian and once to the asian restaurant were on both occasions we had our starter , maincourse and dessert within 25 minutes !
food in the italian restuarant was very tasteless and stay away from the red and white wines . only the seafood restaurant was a safe option . we booked twice for cafe del mar ( you have to pay extra ) and this was very nice , a gorgeous ambiance ( on the beach ) , good food and the nicest staff ever . if you like the nightlife do not go to this hotel , the lobby/bar area is very boring and there is no fun to find in the evenings . if you want sun , a nice beach , do not expect to much from the food and like to go to bed early than this is your place to be ! for all the others go somewere else .
a four star ( not more ) experience - expectations missed stayed 1 week december 25, 2006 at bavaro princess with my wife and 9 year old daughter .
we travel extensively in mexico and the caribean mainly at 4+ and 5 star hotels .
bavaro princess is a 4 star hotel ( not 5 star ) .
that is our main gripe because it is advertised as 5 star and expectations are that we will get a 5 star only to be disappointed . accomodation : - room is really excellent . food : main restaurant - hispanolla , is okay but you will never walk out saying that it was great .
side restaurants - this hotel expects that you will dine 4 or 5 times at the side restaurants .
most are okay but again you will never be walking out saying that anything was fantastic . chopin - a buffet better than hispanolla . gaucho - mainly beef , okay . sakura - chinese , okay .
miguel , the manager , understands customer service ( he might be the only guy at this hotel that does ) .bella pasta - below average and service is an insult to customers .
the manager at this restaurant could not care less what customers think ( a complete zero ) .cafe del mar - okayel pesquator - fish , okaylicey - not a 5 star , okay , extra $ service : you expect slow service but here the service is sometimes so bad that it really is insulting .
our comments are focused on restaurant service in the main and side restaurants .
the management does not care if customers like the service or not .
their attitude is that you will be leaving in a week so who cares .
this is really a terrible aspect of the hotel and many customers had problems .
to be treated in this way is unacceptable at any hotel .
its a management problem !
they should make miguel ( the manager at the sakura restaurant ) the manager of the entire hotel ! the beach - just absolutely fantastic ! bars - good and many .
believe me with the lack of service you will be drinking a lot ! entertainment - very average .
couple of shows very good , some depend on guests participation , a four star performance . four star vs five starservice is what really defines a 5 star and bavaro princess does not come close .
sure it has 8 restaurants , 8 bars , good rooms , a nice beach , some enteratinment etc but aside from quantity the quality is geared for someone with very average expectations .
this is a solid 4 star . better choicepay a bit more and get a lot more by going to paradisus or another true 5 star .
alternatively , consider even paying less and getting the same at some of the advertised 4 star or 4+ star hotels .
a little bit disappointed my husband and i stayed at the bavaro princes for 3 nights from november 6 to november 9th .
we use the platinum upgrade and were glad that we did .
we had room 724 which had a great view and very easy access to beach and pool .
the usefulness of the lounge is worthwhile .
you have access to more water , soft drinks , liquor and snacks at almost any time of the day or night .
plus the free internet access made it easy to keep in touch with those back home .
i will be honest . . . .although we had a very nice relaxing time , i 'm not sure i would go back .
i ca not rave about this trip as others have done . . . .yes we had a good time , yes the hotel was very nice , but there were things that i was disappointed in .
for instance : room - -it was spacious and the bed was very comfortable , but it was definitley in need of some sprucing up .
the door knobs were loose , the faucets were kind of old and water stained .
the shower curtain was cheap and flimsy .
the water pressure was horrible to say the least .
at times it was only a trickle and this was after a long day of sun and sand !
we also had some ants in the bathroom sink area around the basket of soaps and shampoo - -all of which was cheap and almost used looking - - - as if the prior guests didnt want it and it was left there for us .
well , i didnt want it either .
the towels were also , small , scratchy and old , although there were plenty of them .
big tip on the room - -dont go out on the balcony and let the door close behind you - -it locks - -and if you 're key is inside , you ; 're stuck outside . . . .thank goodness my husband was coming up shortly with his key .
grounds - - - very nice , with lots of lush tropical foilage , which of course leads to lots of shade .
the grounds are immense - i wont go into details as others have . . . .we never had a problem getting a tram , or the ride up to the lobby .
no problems here . food - - - we ate at the lobby buffet every morning for breakfast and for dinner one night .
we also used el peascador , the fish place and licey .
the buffet was good for breakfast and ok for dinner - -nothing special - -but not bad either .
el pescador was not good .
when i read the menu before we booked it , i knew i wanted the surf and turf .
when we got to the restaurant , i was told they had no surf and turf . .
the waiter was completely unapologetic , and seemed to be annoyed with me then , as nothing else on the menu appealed to me .
i ended up getting the grilled lobster , along with my husband .
the lobster actually wasnt too bad , but the portion was very small .
i will add about this restaurant , that the service left a lot to be desired .
my appetizer and my soup came at the same time .
there was no napkin on the table when we sat down and the aforementioned waiter seemed totally unhappy in his job .
they also let a man in who was wearing shorts , even after all the warnings about men needing long pants for the restaurants .
the shrimp cocktail appetizer was 4 small popcorn shrimp size shrimp with a type of tartar sauce instead of cocktail sauce .
my husband had the house wine , took one sip and said it tasted like vinegar .
well , on to better things . . . . . . . licey , the finest restaurant there .
it was included in the platinum package and it was the highlight of our trip , food wise .
they had the absolute best bread i have ever tasted .
the bread was small doughnut hole size balls of the finest , tastiest , slightly garlic tasting , bites of bread - -so good we asked for another bowl of it and they quickly complied and gladly served it .
the service here was excellent , the food delicious ( though still somewhat smaller portions ) and the atmosphere was quite pleasant .
entertainment - - the main show in the lobby starts at 10 pm . .
this was a little late for me , after being out in the sun and water all day .
the one show we did stay for was very nice .
the production was pretty with nice costumes and dancing , but all it was seemed to be the same kind of dance , just done in different costumes .
the poolside/beachside entertainment didnt interest us , and we didnt see a lot of it .
i know they had it , cause the music was very loud , but we didnt see a lot of participation .
beach - - - nice size , enough lounges and palapa 's that we never had a problem finding one .
sand was very nice , soft and clean .
the water on the other hand was a big disappointment to me .
i found it very rough , and not at all clear .
the waves were huge and i got knocked over getting in and out .
you had to work your way - way out over the shoreline to get to smoother water , then you had to fight to get back to the shore .
i wasnt impressed and i knew going in it wasnt going to be crystal clear , but i was hoping for calmer water .
maybe we were just there at a rough time .
pool - -wonderful size , lots of space in the water - -not as clean as i would have liked .
it also seemed to need to be repainted , as there were a lot of chips and cracks .
but the water was warm and the pool bar was never so crowded you couldnt get served .
all in all , we had a very nice time .
we met some very nice people ( hi moe ! ) and enjoyed ourselves and that 's what counts the most .
three nights was just right for us .
i went to punta cana with an open mind , and it lived up to some expectations and i was disappointed in some - -we did not experience any stomach problems at all .
we were very careful with the tap water and food , although my husband ate a little bit of almost everything .
i watched the coconut drinks and stuck to rum punch for most things .
i did taste the coco loco and the banana mama , both of which were excellent . . . . . .didnt have as many as i would have liked , but enjoyed what i did drink .
one more thing i was a little taken aback by was the very high humidity .
i knew it was going to be humid , but even the air conditioned places left a lot to be desired .
other than your own room , there were few places to cool off . overall , the bavaro princess is a nice place to go , as long as you are not expecting a 5 star resort .
this is what we felt - -only our opinions and thoughts - - - as shown by other peoples reviews , your stay could be entirely different .
go and enjoy , keep an open mind and dont overindulge .
you should have a great time !
hot ! hot ! ! hot ! ! ! bavaro princes - punta canajuly 17-24 2006 , travel with husband and 12 year old daughter . loved the hotel , staff was friendly , the beach breath taking the best in the dominican . felt like an outcast , big language barrier , 99% of the entrainment and staff are spanish speaking .
the lion king show was great .
we did go in the middle of the summer , which was very hot , the only escape is your room with air conditioning , the showers in your room??r shall i say the drizzle as an excuse for a shower .
the resort is open in the hot summer months , please have air conditioning in the restaurants , the food is hot , being kept warm under warm lights , the plates you put your food on is also hot , eating with sweet coming down your face is not very glamours , air conditioning would be great also in the public washrooms for that matter too .
there is a big variety of food , just stay away from eggs and anything cooked in cream , even the cream in the coffee , got very sick on that .
( tim horton coffee where are you ! ) .
couldn?? have enough of mangos , papayas , and pineapples so juicy and sweat , the bananas so tasty didn?? give me heartburn like they do here in canada .
the fruit juices , out of this world . the tourists , please women this is a family resort , okay , so some cultures go for topless , but strings for the bottoms , if this was a couples or singles resort is one thing , this is advertised as a family resort .
then , parading like that at the beach is one thing but at the pool , please have some consideration , there are children . there really is not much to do for a 12 year old but the internet and tv .
j . all in all i would go back to this resort , in the winter months where it would be cooler and lack of air conditioning wouldn?? bother me so much , and not with my kids . anna - toronto 
just got back from bavaro princess 4/29/2006 my husband and i just returned from a weeks vacation from bavaro princess .
i think after reading reviews you might feel a bit unsatisfied as to what to expect .
however , i am sure you will be pleasantly surprised .
i did book us for the platinum vip package .
we did not check in at the main lobby , however where taken via mini - train to the platinum lounge .
we did have extra perks with this package that were nice .
we stayed in 814 which is less than 5 minutes to the beach and main pool .
we were across from the platinum lounge , so we could always run down and get fresh sodas , coffee , few snacks , or use the internet , and watch tv .
we realized quickly the first day that the breakfast buffet by the beach is not really good at all .
we tried the hamburgers , and we did not really like the taste .
the hot dogs were good .
so my husband would ride the mini - train down to the main buffet hispanola for breakfast and lunch .
the selection is great , fresh food etc .
since we had the pl .
vip we were able to make reservations just by calling .
so , no getting up early running around or waiting in lines !
we liked eating at 8:30 pm , gave us plenty of time to relax after being in the sun all day .
bella pasta was good , sakora was good although my husband had the sushi , it might have made his stomach a bit upset .
i enjoyed all of my items , especially the chicken chow mein .
we really enjoyed our complimentary dinner at licey ( perk of vip , not included in regular packages ) .
my husbad had salad , then loberstail tail for dinner .
i had braised lamb with tomatoes , wow , very good .
desserts were fabulous !
all the staff there really went out of their way to wait on you and make sure you dinner was great .
we did not get sick , or hear of anyone getting sick .
maybe some people had upset tummies .
but if you are prone to have tummy issues , then take pepto , or whatever for iwith you and you 'll be fine .
i guess anywhere you go , you should always be careful what you eat .
the grounds to the hotel are very nice , they really do work hard and long days to keep it looking so beautiful .
the pools were nice , but my favorite spot is on the beach .
kids who do not swim well should not be alone due to currents .
but in the shallows there was alot of children playing .
i never got smacked around by waves .
a beach is not fun without waves !
the water feels great and w/ the breeze you never felt too hot .
i remember times sitting at the pool and after 5 minutes i felt the sun beating on me .
you do have to get up early to get chairs under that huts .
after that , i said hey i am on vacation , i am not getting up at dawn just for chairs .
we never had a problem finding other lounge chairs .
not once did we have a problem ! do not forget bugspray .
the mosquitos will nibble on you !
make sure to take a hat , that will really help you keep cool , and keep from burning ! us dollars are accepted everywhere . if you can , tip your maid .
driving to the resort you really get an idea of just how poor the surrounding area is . the atmosphere is fun and relaxed .
alot of different people and languages .
it will help to make an effort to speak spanish to any of the staff .
i am afraid that some we ran into did not understand much english .
but no one was ever rude to us .
remember you are in their country , and sometimes things are done differently .
i loved the stay here , and would recommend it at least once to anyone .
however , i am not sure we 'll be repeats back to dominican republic . if anyone has any questions , feel free to email me .
a few snafus . . .
i have to say that we read all the reviews before we went on our vacation , and were kind of nervous . . . but if you 're there for the beach and relaxation , then its hard not to enjoy your self .
i do not want to repeat what everyone else has already said , so i 'll try to point out a few big things .
- we emailed ahead of time to request a certain room , and although they never replied , they must have taken it into consideration .
our room had a fantastic location right by the beach and the pool .
- the resort is big , but its definetly walkable .
we rarely took the little trolley because it only takes 7-10 min to walk from one end of the resort to the other .
- i would recommend going platinum .
we did not , but the other couple we were with did .
they got much better service from the bartenders and better alcohol , a better room ( quality wise ) , free massages , free room service , free other stuff , and ability to book dinner reservations - i think overall it would be worth it .
my big problems were with the food and our room .
- making reservations every morning was a huge pain in the [ - ] .
the food is not too good and alot of times we had to wait forever to get any service .
we actually liked the buffets the best beucase you can see what you 're getting and you can get it when you ant .  - even thought the location of the room was awesome and the room was clean and nice - there were some issues .
my first and big one was that there is no real door on the bathroom !
there was a set of saloon type doors to separate the bathroom with the shower and toilet and the bedroom area - so not really much privacy ( although our friends in platinum did have a real door ) .
the other big problem was that we had little ants on our countertop and cockroaches !
so overall it was a really good deal for the amount we paid and a beautiful beach .
if we come back though , i will definelty want to stay somewhere else .
not becuase we hated the resort , but because i know there is better and i would pay a little more for it .
great beach mediocre food my wife and i have just returned from the bavaro princess - a few hours ago in fact - so i am writing this while the vacation is still very fresh in my mind .
my overall impression is positive - good airport transfers , check in , staff relations , excellent rooms , beautiful grounds and one of the best beaches in the caribbean .
however the food was very definitely a minus .
before our trip , i read many tripadvisor reviews and noted several negative comments about the food .
there were also reviews from guests who found the food to be excellent .
i ca not agree with the latter group .
with rare exception , any food intended to be delivered and eaten hot arrived at the table lukewarm or worse .
several people noted you were only guaranteed hot food if it was specially ordered - omelettes , pastas and so on . this is accurate .
i would give the food a 4/10 and the other features an 9/10.
they need to allocate more of their operating budget to the food service and perhaps have fewer gardeners cutting the same hedges each day .
pleasant stay but i would not repeat it - the food is too integral a part of a vacation and this aspect needs the serious attention of the management of a hotel billed as 5 star .
food poisoning like other reviews , the beach and grounds were wonderful .
found the staff very pleasant and friendly . the food was mediocore , but what do you expect with an all - inclusive on an island ? like others 4 out of the 6 in our party became sick .
fortunately for us , we had already arrived back home . my husband was tested positive for salmonella . will not go back to the bavaro .
maybe we would rethink dr .
staff great , food questionable .
traveling group : 53yo male , 51yo female and me , 34yo female . previous resort - style experience : bermuda , cruise , iberostar resort in punta cana . i would give five stars if not for the food .
we almost cancelled our reservations because of reports of food poisoning we 'd read on this web site .
we did not because we figured that if there had been food poisoning , the resort would be extra super careful .
it looked like they were being careful , but we still ran into many people who got food poisoning , including 7 out of 8 people in a group from canada , four out of five people in a family from the u . s . plus a few other people .
no one in our group of three got sick , but we were very , very careful .
we ate toast for breakfast , french fries for lunch and pasta for dinner .
hardly any meat and nothing with mayonaise .
we always found something to eat , but it kind of sucked to be worried about getting sick . while there , we talked to an american woman who said she had been hired the week before as a food consultant because the resort was losing so much business over reports of bad food .
she said americans and canadians were getting sick but not other nationalities so the resort was trying to figure out what we north americans were eating that the others were not .
consultant said everything at the pasta bar , including the meat sauce , is safe and also anything that 's cooked to order .
the bread and cake - like deserts are safe too , she said .
there was a suspicion that employees were cutting up fruit with knives that had been washed in tap water .
to fix it , they are installing a new water filtration system .
also , while we were there they took down all of the decorative carved fruits and vegetables , which had appeared to be rotting .
that may have solved the problem .
anyway , they are working on it and if the problem is resolved then i would definitely return to this resort but i would not go there now .
i went to the d . r . for the sun , not the food .
if you 're a foodie , go on a cruise instead . here 's a rundown of where we ate : hispanola : the main buffet .
better than el gaucho for breakfast because it has fresh juices , fresh waffles and fried dough , which el goucho does not .
skip the eggs ; they taste like kerosene .
try the drinking chocolate .
macprincess : passable .
burgers are like breakfast sausages .
they do not taste great , but we ate them and did not get sick .
the cook , leonardo , has a great sense of humor .
he 'll make you a cheeseburger , no cheese or a hamburger with cheese .
if you ask for one he 'll say , ok .
it 's worth going there just to talk to leonardo . chopin : also a buffet .
smaller selection and not much better than hispanola though you have to make reservations .
there is a pasta bar .
we did try the meat here ( cooked to order ) and found it very tough .
at 8:30, a piano player and singer sail around the restaurant 's lake on a boat .
ca not decide if it was elegant or hokey .
if you go , be sure to sit in marilyn 's section .
she is friendly and awesome , as is most of the staff .
el pescador : we had the lobster , which was sooo dry and had a consistency simlar to toothpaste .
found out later this is because they half - cook the lobsters earlier in the day and then grill them later to finish cooking them .
it saves time , supposedly .
ca not imagine how much time it saves .
do not get the lobster .
also had the shrimp cocktail here and it was excellent . ok , enough about food : the beach : a+ .
warm , nice , goregous . the pool : a+ .
two pools , one large and with a swim - up bar .
very conveniently located near the beach .
can easily go back and forth between the two .
other reviewers said the pool was crowded , but i did not find that .
could be because people were sick in their rooms ? ! ? could always swim without getting splashed or feeling crowded . the drinks : b - .
bartenders are very friendly but drinks were weak .
see maximo at the swim - up bar for stronger drinks and great service .
try the banana mamas . the grounds : a+ .
maintenance guys were always working .
if you ask , they will open a coconut for you .
( do not forget to tip them .
these guys work for something like $200 a month and do not often get tips like other resort workers . )
the casino : a - .
i 'd give them an a+ but i lost a couple hundred bucks !
most dealers are friendly .
the ones that appear not friendly just do not speak english .
went to iberostart punta cana 's casino last year and the dealers sucked .
they got mad if you won .
at the princess , they celebrated with you if you won .
the disco : c . music was fine but the place was dead .
it 's open all night and i did not stay past 1, so maybe it picks up .
a lot of locals and resort employees go here .
the trams : a . never had to wait more than a few minutes .
if it is not busy , you 'll get door - to - door service , otherwise you 'll get dropped off at trolly stops and have to walk a short way . the mangrove nature area : b . a neat little walk to see unusual birds , fish and turtles .
worthwhile if you want a break from the beach . the staff : a . very friendly , especially if you try to speak spanish .
you might have trouble getting your point across in some instances if you do not speak spanish .
i speak a bit so i never had a problem and i helped translate for other guests .
the rooms : b - .
the layout was cool , a separate little dressing area and all .
the rooms need minor upgrades .
mirrors are chipped and walls could use to be repainted .
big complaint is that there are two doorstops behind the french doors in the bathroom .
i stepped on them or stubbed my toes on them every morning .
they are in really stupid places .
one doorstop was broken and i cut my foot on it .
thinking about getting a tetanus shot now .
poolside activities : b . water aerobics and pool games every afternoon .
a good way to meet others .
side trips : we did not do any this trip cuz we were having so much fun relaxing on the beach and at the pool .
last year ( through a different resort ) we did the outback safari , which was worthwhile .
a good chance to see how the real people live .
you visit a home , a school , a market , a sugar cane plantation and a secluded beach .
worth doing once , not twice .
bring lots of sunblock . advice :1. )
do not go until they fix the food problems .
otherwise bring a jar of peanut butter and other snacks .2. ) bring gifts for the workers ' children .
we left lots of things for the maid 's two kids : coloring books , barrettes , stickers , little toys , etc .
she was very appreciative and made us gorgeous flower arrangements to thank us .
the flowers were not necessary but they showed how much a little gesture means to these people who are paid so little .
3. ) learn basic spanish phrases and bring a spanish dictionary .
be patient when communicating with staff that does not speak english and remeber you 're in their country .
do not be annoyed if they do not speak your language .4. )
bring a $10 bill to the airport to pay a travel fee .
they do not give change .5. )
bring home lots of coffee or you will regret it when you run out .
sailing - painful just came back , was there 2-26-06 to 3-5-06objective : beach , pool , tennis , sailing , clean room , family fun , get fed . travelers : my wife and i in our 40?? , 5 year old sonprevious experience : mexico , antigua , bvi?? , cuba , dominican republic , turks  caicos , florida , jamaica , costa ricascale : 1-5beach : 4 of 5. beach is nice , fine sand , the surf is pretty strong though , too strong for the little ones .
this whole stretch of beach is lined with hotels all the way , and the beach is very busy .
if you??e looking for solitude , go elsewhere .
yes , lots of topless .
always found chairs . pool : 4 of 5. main pool is clean , mid size , seen bigger ones , and smaller ones , but considering the size of the resort , this is a little small , can get crowded .
always found lounge chairs .
2nd pool by lobby definitely quieter , but smaller and not as clean . grounds : 4 of 5. grounds are nicely manicured .
is a large and deep resort .
yes , a 10 minute walk from beach to lobby , we don?? mind the walk , since the kid get to see the parrots and iguanas in the mini - zoo .
we noticed trolleys are frequently full , so get into scrambling to get on situation .
not very handicapped friendly grounds , frequently no ramp assess . rooms : 4 of 5. the rooms are clean and the cleaning ladies does a reasonable job cleaning .
looks just like the pictures .
the original designs are really quite nice .
but it is a little dated and old now and could use some upgrading .
my wife is pretty picky and it passed her test .
we were in building 50 initially and wifey wants to move closer to beach , so on 3rd day we got moved to building 03 down by the beach , after she harassed the crap out of the front desk guy ( bless your soul amigo pablo ) .
both rooms are fine .
there is sewage smell in both bathrooms however , and that settled with opening the bathroom window and my wife stuffed towels over the bidet drain and the floor drain , somebody didn?? know how to do their plumbing !
we passed by building 19-22 area , the smell is bad around there ! watersports : 2 of 5. this is where i really have a beef with this place .
i love sailing hobie cats .
this place advertised free watersports .
well it?? not free , $20 for ??quipment insurance? ?
well it?? not so much about the $20, i??l gladly pay the $20, it?? just the principle of it .
if it?? not free , don?? say it?? free , it?? false advertising .
and then the run around !
first day arrival , go to the beach watersport hut , told have to make reservation and for next day only , and then need the $20 insurance for the week .
wasn?? doing to let this ruin my vacation .
went back 2nd day and paid my $20 with a smile , they took my money and then they told me the wind is strong to sail .
ok , it was a little breezy , fine , wasn?? going to argue with them .
went back the 3rd day , perfect sailing day , and they gave me this bs again about too windy !
i mean there are several sailboats out there from other resorts !
so now i?? a little peeved .
so they finally told me to come back in the afternoon and told me not to tell anyone , that i?? just testing the boat??hatever .
finally got to sail in the afternoon on the 4th day , now ? my vacation is gone??ave the boat boy a couple of dollars on the way out .
now sudden change of attitude , for the next 3 days , got to sail everyday !
no hassles !
just showed up , they waved me right over , push the boats straight out right away !
similar story around many other things around the resort including the tennis courts , the restaurants , etc . tipping helps .
the actually sailing part : there?? actually a lot of coral reefs along this stretch of the coast , requiring a little caution , it can get a little shallow , the rudder hit bottom quite a few times , and also you can get quite big surfs around these spots , can get drenched at the least , trouble if you??e not careful .
i saw one hobie cat went turtle .
if you??e not sure , hire the boat boy to take you out for $10.
that?? what i do for my wife , since she doesn?? want to go out on her own .
the other thing to watch out for is the others , the fast power boats with the parasailings , banana boats , the windsurfers , the other sailboats , like i said before , it?? a pretty busy stretch of beach .
the water is great by the way , very warm . tennis 3 of 5clay courts x 3. well maintained , staffed .
have racquets and balls ( old ) .
needs reservations again .
again if you tip the ball boys , makes life easier .
no facility for arranging partners .
gets hot 10am to 5pmgym 4 of 5fairly well equipped .
no reservations required , as always empty .
spa next door looks pretty nice too .
has sauna and whirlpool . food 3 of 5as been already extensively discussed by other reviews , here?? our 2 cents worth : the usual flair of caribbean all - inclusives .
not your n . american fine cuisine , if that?? what you expect , go somewhere else .
by all - inclusives standards , it?? still really only fair .
we by no means starved , did always find something to fill the tummies .
and none of us got sick .
i just about ate and drank everything except tap water .
my wife is more picky eater and she still always find something to eat . breakfast - hispanola ? ? the main buffet , seems to have more selections , and they have fresh squeezed juices .
we especially like the omelletes .
the el gaucho by the beach is also open , we find the food wasn?? as good , and no fresh juices . lunch - hispanola has the usual buffet .
the hamburger at macprincess was pretty good , although the line up can be quite long , the hot dog was nasty !
but my kid ate it .
we didn?? try the buffet at el gaucho . dinner - hispanola is pretty miserable foodwise .
chopin is a good alternative for buffet , better food , need reservation .
bella pasta was our favorite , the o??euves was pretty good , and the boglonese was pretty good .
the argentinean steak at el gaucho was above average .
sakura has decent eggroll and sushi appetizers , but then it?? downhill fast from there on , the peking duck is anything but .
the rest of the entres were more like chop suey drowned in soya sauce? ?
el prescaher ( ? ) the seafood restaurant was the worst , the lobster tail tasted like it has been dead for a week and is already decomposing??lthough we met some fellow travelers that said they liked it . otherservice in general is about a 3 out of 5. i??e seen better , i??e seen way worse .
and a smile and an hola helps .
and tipping a dollars helps even more .
i don?? blame them , if i have to serve 1500 ( sometimes obnoxious ) customers everyday and make $150 a month , i don?? know what my reaction would be . there were complaints from other travelers about the europeans , well i have problems with this north american guy either from usa or canada , wearing an infiniti cap ( a infiniti dealer ? ) just bug right in front of the burger line as if the rest of us doesn?? exist , and then at breakfast , this english speaking woman just jump in front of the omellete line .
it just go to show idiots can be from anywhere .
i think in general , the bigger the resort , the more likely you are going to run into these situations , and this is a pretty big resort . if you attracts bugs like i do , better bring bug juice .
didn?? bother my wife or my kid , but i got a few bites , and i don?? think it was from mosquitoes .
mostly in the evening when it?? bad . if you don?? like to wait or line ups , better get the vip package or stay clear of this place .
you have to line up for the a la carte restaurants in the morning .
you have to line up for the hamburgers at lunch .
kind of have to wait for everything , didn?? bother us , we have slowed down to dominican time , but if you??e the hyper type , that may drive you crazy . kids club is pretty small .
we didn?? use it much .
we wound up in the pool playing with our 5 year old most of the time . weather : 6 days sun , 1 day torrential down pour - the whole place was kind of flooded afterward , kind of fun to sip your drink in the pool amidst the rain . drinks ? ? we are not big drinker , presidentale was fine for us , the mixed drinks are pretty syrupy , too sweet .
the coco loco and banana mama were ok . kids ? ? there were quite a lot of kids , fairly family oriented place . in general , i?? say this resort is a 3-4 out of 5. our worst experience this trip is actually our flight home on us airways .
when we got to the airport , there was a mile long line up , so after lining up for an hour , we found out that their computer was ??own? ?
and everything is on paper , and then they couldn?? find my son?? and my ticket , and wound up assigning the 3 of us different seats in opposite ends of the plane .
when we finally got on the plane , the captain came on , and said they couldn?? fuel the plane .
something about the wrong valve or something , and then apparently they spilled gas all over the place .
i mean , what kind of airlines will send their planes to a foreign country without first checking out if their planes can be serviced first ! !
and they have daily service too !
no wonder us airways went bankrupt !
so after fiddling for 2 hours , before we finally get on our way , and of course now we have missed our connection .
and they put us up in this windham garden , now that?? another review ! !
we didn?? get to bed till midnight , and then has to be up again at 4am .
all in all that was a miserable return trip .
it was so chaotic that it actually traumatized my kid , he was so worried that we??l never be able to get on a plane to get home , and was balling his eyes out .
he was so happy when he got home !
and he said , ??addy , we are not going on a trip ever again ! ? ? br/>
overall a good resort for the price !
we traveled here with our two kids (5  8) from feb25- march 4th .
we have stayed at sandals resorts and an iberostar in the past while vacationing in the caribbean .
while this is not as nice as those resorts and certainly not a 5 star resort , it does deliver a lot for the price !
we had fantastic weather .
the beach and pool area are great with food , bars , activities and bathrooms all conveniently located .
the way the rooms are set up is great but they are dated and need some fixing up .
while i am not a neat freak , i really felt the maid service was bad .
i do not care about flowers and towels that are made into animals but i do want my room clean and enough towels for all of us .
room location does seem to be key at this resort .
the walking was not a problem for us - -i can only see people complaining for two reasons - -either they are lazy or got a room in the very back of the resort .
i objected more to constantly having to avoid the little shuttles running me and my family over while we were walking .
the septic smell over on our side of the resort was a problem - -disgusting !
we were pleasantly surprised by the food ( our experience is that most all inclusive food is marginal ) .
it was not gourmet but we were happy .
i liked that the pasta station was always available at the buffet and i think it 's great for kids too !
getting reservations at the restaurant was a joke !
we were always there right around the time when they opened and still could only get 2 reservations .
it is true that the restaurants would not be that filled when you did get in !
we were not able to use any of the water sports while we were there as it was very windy and choppy most days .
there was also a lot of seaweed for half the week - -when it cleared the water was great !
we went on 2 excursions .
the marianarium was worth it but i do not recommend manati park .
their brochure is misleading and i was disappointed in apple vacations for promoting this excursion .
there are no sharks , petting zoo etc . as you see in the brochure - -tourist trap .
the drive to and from the excursions and airport showed us how poor , filthy and unattractive punta cana is when you are not at a resort !
i did not find the dominican people overly friendly even though i spoke spanish whenever i could .
the shows start too late for kids - -the lion king at 10:00 at night ! !
we did not use the kids camp and it was run down looking ( broken swings etc . ) i wished the animation team would have had some organized activities for kids in the pool/beach area ( it was all for adults ) .
despite some problems , this was a good vacation .
great vacation , more pros than cons mark and cindy , new hampshire usa my husband and i and our 2 children (5  2) traveled to the bavaro princess jan 29- feb 5. we also traveled with another couple and their children (4  2) .
we flew out of boston via ryan air with tnt .
we all stayed at the riu bambu last year .
my husband and i had not planned on a trip this year , but my friends had booked the bavaro princess as the price was right .
on a very cold day three weeks prior to departure , i relented and booked aswell .
flight down : uneventful , check in was smooth at logan airport , good flight , arrived pretty much on time .
immigration and customs went smoothly .
we traveled with birth certificates and drivers liscence and had no problems .
we 'll get passports for the next time as the entry and exit requirement are changing . check in : after a 45 min uneventful trip from the airport with a stop at another resort to drop off people we quickly checked in .
they give you your room key card , towel cards , safe key , map .
i requested an additional room card and that was no problem .
rooms : i had some concerns when booking as tnt booked us a junior suite and from what i had researched , that meant the 2 story hotel portion near the back of the resort .
i e - mailed ahead and requested a bungalow in the middle of the resort with king beds , 2 twins , on the ground floor , with the patios facing each other .
we were in bungalow 42, good location , midway from everything , on the ground floor .
our room had 2 twins together instead of a king , but we did not mind , they were actually pretty comfortable compared to last year .
i requested extra pillows as well .
i 'm not sure if the e - mail helped as i never received a reply .
we got rooms with patio 's facing each other on the ground floor as requested .
the rooms itself are very spacious , just like in the pictures .
bathroom was large as well and separated by a small hallway .
while they are not 5 star and may need some updating , they were quite comfortable and the set up is a definite plus when traveling with children .
there was a significant musty odor to the room , but we got used to it , although i had to dry - clean some clothes that i did not even wear .
as far as the maid service was concerned , it was never the same time of the day but if we needed anything i just went and asked .
a couple of days i just exchanged my towels and did not even bother to have her clean .
the same for stocking the fridge .
we like a lot of coke lite so i would just approach one of the maids , with a smile and a couple of dollars and i could help myself .
we left candy and soaps and stuff along with money which was appreciated .
they do have hairdryers in the rooms , small safe , a coffee maker and the tv got several channels so the kids watched cartoons in spanish but apparently did not mind .
no problems with the a/c or water .
on word of caution about the doors in the rooms which open up to the patio .
small children can open the doors by themselves ! ! !
we found this out the hard way on our second morning as we got up and the kids were missing .
the groundskeepers were out front , trimming the palm trees and getting the coconuts and my 2 little escapees decided to go investigate the noise .
talk about a heart stopping parent moment .
luckily they were just out in front of the bungalow watching .
after that , we made sure the lock was child proofed and had a velcro latch we had brought from home as well .
: ) also , bring a clock if you want to know what time it is or need an alarm .
grounds : absolutely gorgeous .
huge lobby with lots of sitting areas .
public bathrooms are sparkling .
always someone trimming , pruning and cleaning .
this is a very large resort that requires a lot of walking or getting a ride from the trolley ( golf carts ) .
we actually walked most of the time as it was not more than 5-10 minutes to anything and the trolleys were usually full .
i would think twice about this particular resort for anyone with significant mobility problems .
in the middle of the resort , there are pathways through the mangrove with a mini - zoo .
actually just a few large bird cages and an iguana exhibit but provides a nice walk .
we brought a stroller for our son which came in handy when he was tired .
beach : what can i say , beautiful , powder sand , lots of loungers even when we got there , usually by 10 or 11 but you may have to move them if you want a certain spot .
the shaded palapa 's do tend to get reserved earlier .
this is one sore spot for me as a lot of them would be unattended most of the day .
the surf was a little rough but for adults its fine .
i kept life jackets on the kids as a precaution as they tended to get knocked down , even by small waves .
you can walk for miles in either direction .
there were some topless sunbathers , not really a problem , and this was not nearly as offensive as large men in speedo 's or thongs ! pools : main pool is great .
it 's huge and great for the little kids as there were several areas that gradually sloped in .
we brought buckets and shovels and the kids entertained themselves .
we also brought a cheapo float for the pool and left it there .
only one small area was above my head .
there are plenty of loungers around at anytime but the best ones to tend to get reserved earlier here as well .
to the right of the pool , facing the ocean is where you exchange towels .
they also have an area to hand paint ceramics for the kids , from $5 and up , hand painted t - shirts , henna tattoo 's , $5 and up , and a few others for excursions .
we did not bother with them .
the pool bar was a hit , even for the kids as they had frozen chocolate drinks .
hate to say it , but it was my 5 year olds favorite place .
there is also another pool at the back of the resort , near the lobby that looked nice and quieter but we never got there . watersports : they have boogie boards , kayaks , etc . motorized sports are through scuba caribe .
i did the parasailing with my daughter for $75 for both of us .
we took the skiff out to the boat which was an experience as it was very choppy .
i thought we would do this near the beach but they took us way out to sea but it was well worth it .
bars and beverages : there are 2 bars at the main lobby , one on the beach , and one each at the pools .
we do not drink but i brought an insulated travel mug for my coke lite .
maximo at the upper level pool bar was great , never had to wait long , even when it was crowded , as dollar or two here and there seemed to help .
there is a self serve dispenser at mcprincess/el gaucho , the lobby pool bar and the beach bar that had soda , water and noncarbonated juice .
i was not impressed as the soda was watery and the juice was not actually juice , it was more like fruit punch and kool - aid .
they also had a beer tap and the frozen lemonade and pina colada machine at el gaucho .
i was also able to get bottled water from the lobby bars but not at the others . food : allright here goes , the main buffet , the hispaniola , near the lobby has breakfast , lunch and dinner .
the breakfasts were the best , wide variety , hot and cold foods , made to order omelets , waffles , donuts , however , there was usually a line for these .
lots of fresh fruit and fruit smoothies .
the service was hit or miss , usually miss if it was not our usual servers , carlos and felix , they were great and very attentive .
one thing i did not like was having to order drinks at meals .
last year at the bambu , you could help yourself at the buffet and they had a pot of coffee on each table and it was a lot easier than waiting .
we never went there for lunch but went to el gaucho/mcprincess near the pool and the beach .
usually when we were there it was very crowded and difficult to find seats , especially when we all tried to eat together .
the have a made to order pasta bar which was the highlight .
the mcprincess has made to order burgers , hot dogs and fries , just remember this is not mcdonalds , burger were interesting and i 'll leave it at that .
next year , i 'm bringing a bottle of heinze ketchup as theirs is very different : ( again , very long lines for both which was somewhat of a problem with small children and having to wait .
the buffet part had basically the same stuff every day .
for dinner the first 2 night we went to hispaniola buffet .
they have the pasta bar here as well , again long lines .
they have a variety of different dishes , some were very interesting , rabbit and goat to name a few .
one night they had beef that looked raw , i had them grill it and i still could not chew through it .
you can make reservations in the am for the a la carte restaurants but by the time we got up , most of them were booked or they only had the 10pm seating left .
on night 3, we had reservations to chopin .
beautiful location , however , it was another buffet with only slightly better food .
the next night we went to bella pasta , the food was very good however , the service exceptionally slow .
with 4 kids and a later dinner time it was not a very enjoyable night to say the least .
we ate at the buffet for the rest of our stay .
overall , we did not starve , but i was not impressed with the food .
next time i would make more of an effort for the a la carte restaurant , heard much better thing about them .
the food at the riu bambu was much better .
entertainment : we never made it to the shows at they did not start till 10pm but the kids mini disco at 8:30pm was fun for the kids but a little repetative .
they do have a kid 's club but we never utilized it and they have various activities on the beach and near the pool . royal holiday : after leaving the main buffet after meals , the have representatives trying to get you to see their presentations .
basically , for price you buy points to use for future vacation .
i had heard that you could get free things if you went , so one morning after breakfast , we got sucked in .
i knew it was not something we were interested in but if its free , its for me .
so for a half an hour of my time , we got a $100 credit for massages .
my husband and i had 45min massages at the hut near the pool .
definitely worth it .
the usual price was $70/hr , $45/1/2hr . shopping : they have some shops in the lobby but they are way over priced .
a 5 minute walk across the street from the resort is the plaza bavaro with a variety of shops .
souvenirs , cigars , coffee , paintings , jewelry , etc .
you can haggle with them more over here .
we got 5lbs of coffee for $20, 10 decent cigars for $35, t - shirts around $8.
they are very pushy trying to get you to come into their stores but a firm no gracias will do .
i also found someone to do my daughters hair , full head of braids and she only charged me $20.
at the resort it was $50.
they have vendors in the lobby on thursday nights as well .
i also know that there are a lot of red sox fans there so i brought some t - shirts and hats and bartered some of them and gave the rest away to bartenders , waiters and the maid .
casino : not bad , bigger than the one at the riu , probably 20 or so tables , blackjack , 3- card poker , roulette , craps and a bunch of slots .
i noticed a lot of people from other resorts there .
they have a shuttle to come and go from the lobby and when i came back at 2am , they actually brought me all the way to my room . departure : check out was a quick and simple process at the resort , however , the airport was another story .
by the time we got there the line was a mile long and it took forever .
and they tried to get us to pay the departure tax when it was already paid through our tour operator .
by the time we made it through check in , immigration , security it was already departure time .
flight home was uneventful but they did lose one of my bags but is was delivered 8 days after we got homeoverall : we had a great vacation and it is what you make of it .
nobody got sick as a result of our trip .
if your expecting food and service like the ritz , then go to the ritz .
the food was not the best , but we did not go hungry and could always find something , with that said , we would definitely go back in the future as the rooms and layout of the resort , the beach and pool , etc out weighed any food issues .
feel free to e - mail me to answer any questions .
not as expected my husband , daughter (2 years old ) and myself just got back after a one week stay , feb 4-11.
the grounds , pool and beach are gorgeous .
the food was decent .
our room was horrible .
it was so musty and there was black mold all over the ceiling .
it looked like someone sponge painted the ceiling in black .
it was also growing in the a/c vents .
we requested a room change and told they did not have any and to come back the next day .
the next day , we were not on the list and so on and so forth .
we never got a new room .
the service was not good either .
the servers in the restaurant speak english , but refuse to .
i can speak some spanish so we got along ok .
they also were not very friendly .
the bartenders were so slow even when there was not anyone in line .
they also always seemed put out and all we ordered were cokes and pina coladas - nothing difficult .
the beach was quite beautiful and there were plenty of chairs and huts .
the food was ok , not bad .
we always found something to eat and were always full .
i would not go back to this resort or this country .
the locals just were not that friendly .
we have been to several islands , and never been treated so unfriendly .
agree with previous comments myself and my partner have just returned from bavaro princess .
i agree with most of the more positive comments shared on this forum .
however , i just wanted to make a point .
both myself and my partner had a similar perception to the previous writer .
ie that the place is beautiful , food so - so , but that the guests leave a lot to be desired .
the rudeness of some beggared belief .
but our experience differed from the previous writer because in our opinion the rudeness was attributed to the 'north americans ', because this was our experience .
indeed , it made us not want to return to the carribean , and to return to indian ocean resorts instead .
we are english , and were astounded at the queue jumping , ( wait in line i think americans say ! ! ) lack of consideration , i could write a book about the numerous incidents , however after reading comments hereon , it strikes me that perhaps the rudeness cannot be attributed to any particular nationality , but to a certain type of person , no matter their cultural background .
we all seem to have to accept that not everyone has the same standards , be they european or martian ! ! i just find it sad that if you wait at the bar , for example , the barman approaches , but knowing that someone was there before you , you refer the barman to that person , who doesnt even thank you , and then , someone else jumps in leaving you standing there like an idiot .
please understand , i do not set out to offend anyone , just to make the point that our perception was the same as the previous writers , and sadly it has made us not want to return .
we could say the same about a certain type of brit abroad in many mediterranean resorts .
it is individuals manners , not any particular nationality .
i see that now , so sorry to any north american i may have been quietly seething about ! ! ! happy travelling .
nature is beautiful , but . . . this hotel has a lot of buts .
territory is great , but there is a smelly sewage station close to villas 20/21/22.
we were in the 12th one , but had to move to a different side of the hotel because of the smell and noise from the show in the neighbor hotel in the evening .
walking trails are great , but they are used by trollies also , and small cars , and motorbikes ( owned by the service personnel ) .
no service roads . . . room is good , but who decided to put these four huge clay vases ( two of them are lamps ) into the mirrored corner ?
so , you have to look at 16 huge vases every day - it 's kinda depressing . . . a/c is leaking , hot water almost is not running . . . gym is good , but threadmill is out of service . . . sauna exists , but the male section is out of service . . . tennis courts exist , but they are not lit in the evening . . . ping - pong tables exist , but you need to return the net exactly at 5pm . . .
we could not exchange our towels - no cards . . . shows are ok , but no discotheque . . . also this hotel is contaminated by unfriendliness and even rudeness .
one example - a housemaid could not wait for two minutes , so i had to change my shorts in the bathroom .
may be , she just did not understand english , but she could see me with a towel around my hips . . . but nature was beautiful ( they even had their own piece of wild jungle with exotic birds - not smelly ! ! ! ) , beaches were perfect , sailing was exciting .
overall grade - c . 
want to lose weight , bad food with some bad attitudes we stayed at the bavaro princess for 4 days and 3 nights and overall , the place was beautiful and the beach on the resort was lovely , but the costumer service and food was very poor .
the resort and country was not catered to the americans at all , so it was an expereince and our group were the only americans there on the resort at the time .
alot of french and spainish tourist which was okay , but we could not get good help from anyone ( even the employees , which sometimes they seemed to be rude ) because they did not know much english .
the food , , , , very different and untasteful .
when you go on a vacation and you are staying on a resort , you exspect to eat and gain some wait , we lost wait .
the food was very blaned or too sweet to even enjoy . but overall , we had fun and their shows were nice .
we shopped out of the resort and we felt like we were in new york husling bargins but we ended up with the better deals out the resort than in .
5 star ?
location yes . . . . food no ! my wife and i just returned from 1 week at the bavaro princess and would like to share our observations . reception : spanish is really a must if you want to have your requests understood and acted on .
i must admit that while i was able to upgrade to a beautiful ocean front room (744) and upgrade to vip status ( more later ) i was totally in the dark about hotel services , restaurants , tram service etc .
my 1st hour at this property was a bit of a muddle to say the least . room : #744 oceanfront 2nd floor ( premium price ) .
very large and clean at 1st appearance .
bathroom is a little outdated and kind of an odd layout but when you realize that the hotel itself is almost 20 years old not suprising .
balcony was large and perfect for enjoy the ocean breezes in the evening .
maybe a little too close to the restaurants as we sometimes got the smells from the cooking food but this is a minor complaint .
certainly a perfect spot to watch the world unfold with a full view of the beach and the local tram stop . only problem with the room was lots of little ants in the kitchen/bar area but our maid ( martha ) did a great job at keeping the room clean . . . .and the fridge stocked with beer and pop ( tipping helps ! )beach : absolutely the nicest beach we have seen .
clean clear water lots of palapas to provide shade but claim your spot early !
by 7am prime locations are gone and by 9am you are in full sun .
bar is close at hand but no beach service .
if you want water sports there is enough to fill your day !
in fact , sometimes the para sailing was actualy a little annoying but then that 's just me . pools : only 2 that we could see and unfortunately way too small for a property with the potential of over 1500 guests .
we stayed on the beach . food  beverage : here 's the downfall of what could be a 5 star hotel with a change in style and quality ! ! ! !vip buys you bottled beer and premium liquors .
however , they never use fresh fruit to make blender drinks .
they never use real juice to make drinks and unless someone like me tells you they have heiniken .
becks , miller , budweiser you drink draft !
unless you ask for premium scotch you get el cheepo brand etc .
they must be getting bonuses based on how little booze they pour unless you ask .
once you catch on they smile and acknowledge your admission to the secret club and the game is less tiring .
if you like mixed drinks though you had better get used to syrup and not real juices .
never had this kind of problem anywhere else in the caribbean . bring snacks 'cause if you do not like rice and beans you are going to be hungry .
i review each restaurant we ate in as follows ; hispanola buffet : middle of the road  breezes  style buffet .
ok for breakfast but watch the salads at lunch and dinner .
everything always seems to be left overs and the fish made one of our friends quite ill . no air conditioningchopin : a better buffet choice for dinner and make sure to see  mairlin for some great laughs and drink service .
she is a real sweetie .
also an added bonus of a floating pianist and singer on the half hour .
yes , there is a boat . no air conditioningbella pasta : pasta on this one unless you are desperate . air conditioned at nightel gaucho : this restaurant is open from 7 am to 5 pm in a buffet style .
convenient location on the beach and the food is passible if you can live on rice and beans . at night it becomes the steakhouse . . . . . . . . . . . . . pass unless you want left over lunch .
my argentian barbeque was a dried out lamb chop , pork chop , minute steak and 1/2 a hot dog ! no air conditioningmc princess : mc poison de la food . . . . . . . . . raw burgers , horrible sanitation and the souce of more stomach aches than i have ever heard . sakurra : asian fusion . . . .pleasant , and run by the world reknowned  freddie palatable fare and we ate here twice because at least the food was cooked and recognizable . air conditionedlichey : this is the gourmet restaurant and included 1 time if you are vip .
otherwise , it costs an extra $25 per person .
actually good food which proved the hotel could do better if it really wanted to ! air conditionedoverall i rate the food portion of this hotel at a 2 star . . . . . just above a truck stop but not as good as burger king , olive garden etc .
this was our biggest disappiontment . spa : again part of our vip package and well worth a visit .
my wife had a full massage and our neighbour the whole works !
( 4 hours ) and both were happy . grounds : park like setting and well cared for .
the property is huge !
the trams are very necessary to navigate your way around .
the mangrove swamp is a cool eco site but if you are situated close to it , get them to change your room . . . . . . . . . . . . . .it stinks .
the bird house and mini zoo is a neat touch . while we would not return to this property because of our view of it 's food and beverage quality , we can undertand it 's appeal to others . happy holidays 
still prefer mexico we stayed at the bavaro from june 13 to june 20.
we were there with another family .
we had our 10 year old son with us and they have two children , ages 10 and 13.
another 40ish couple that we knew were also there at the same time . my only previous experience with an all - inclusive was with the iberostar del mar in mexico .
this resort does not match up to the iberostar .
first , let me say that the beach was gorgeous .
i thought even more beautiful than mexico .
the sand was soft and white and there were no rocks .
the water was very clear and the perfect temperature . it was very very hot when we were there .
we had rain the first day and 1/2 but it was beautiful the rest of the week .
due to the rain the first day or so , the rooms really smelled bad .
in fact , everything did .
there is a section of the resort that is supposed to be a tropical forest .
during that time , when you had to ride through there on the tram , the sewage smell was horrible .
in fact , you could see brown liquid coming from one of the pipes in that area .
once the rain had passed , the room smelled better after a few days .
others who pointed out that nothing dried - they are right .
it is so incredibly humid there that nothing ever dries and i think that is why some things smell so bad .
even clothes that i took home that were clean and that i had not worn had to be washed because of the smell . i agree that the bartenders are not exactly helpful and they do not have enough people working at the pool bars .
the service was average or below at most restaurants .
you could never get what you asked for without asking several times .
huge language barrier .
very few people speak any english - not even a little . the food was so - so .
definitely better at the iberostar in mexico .
4 of our 9 got sick .
not sure what caused it because we were all careful .
i also think that they should not stick to the men must wear pants when only one restaurant is air - conditioned .
our husbands choose to pass on going to chopin because they could not stand another night in pants with those kinds of temperatures . my biggest complaint was this - - we purchased the vip package .
if you are a family do not do this .
none of the vip perks are for the kids .
they are not allowed to go to licey ( so what are you supposed to do - leave them in your room ? ) , you have to pay extra for the snorkling or anything else that you do as part of the vip package for your children .
management was rude and out and out lied to us when we were trying to solve this problem .
the first person said management was out until 6:00 p . m . , and then the next said they were on vacation .
that is how they handled things there - they would give you the run around .
our apple rep was of little help with this too .
everyone wants to pass the buck .
the management at the iberostar was much more accomodating and the staff was much friendlier and helpful . lastly , the beach was topless , which i expected .
but i did not expect to find topless women everywhere at the pool .
one was even breast feeding her child on a bar stool in the pool sipping a coco - loco .
go figure . vacation is what you make it and when you are on vacation - it 's all good .
we just tried to over look these issues and we had a great time .
i am just passing on these thoughts for informational purposes .
return to punta cana - i probably would not , however , i am glad i had the experience .
oh dear . . . . . a bit disapointing ! ! ! my husband and i went to punta cana to celebrate our silver anniversary .
we had told the hotel direct beforehand that we wanted to upgrade to vip and also book/pay for seaview ect .
since this was a special occation .
weeeell . . . . on check in we went straight to vip . . . . only to be told - no we do not have your registrations here .
come back in the morning and we will try and sort it out ! ! ! needless to say , bad start to our holiday .
also we had been put in a standard room ? ? ? ? having got down to our room . . . . and waited 1 1/2 hour for our luggage to arreive . . . . we were just to tired to fight , and desided to just leave things as they were , as we were determined not to let this ruin the whole 2 weeks stay . generally we had a nice time . . . . some of the staff were really kind and helpful . . . . others a bit less so .
the hotel is fine on the whole .
but then towards the end of the stay , we sadly had some very noisy people move in next to us . . . . . ok that can happen anywhere . . . . . but have drunken orgies and what have you every night ? ? ?
we started calling security about 01.00, and keept doing so every 1/2 hour . . . . . and generally not before 05.00 would they go and stop the party ! ! well we think that is bad and totally unacceptable .
in the morning when we went to complain about it - we were simply told that all the guest in that block and around it had the same problem , and that was that , and that they had stacks of complaints about our neighbour ? ? ? ?
so we were not at all impressed with their attitude .
what is security there for , if not to keep law and order ? ? ? ?
so we were kind of relieved when we had to go home . . . . . . as we had not slept for 5 nights by then ! ! ! !will we go back . . . . no i do not think so !
had a great time .
going back in 2006.
here 's the low down on the princess .
go vip - this way you do not really have to worry about anything .
i was here january 2005.
hotel : the resort is well maintained .
you would never guess that a hurricane just came through a few months ago .
we also felt very safe .
they have security posted all over - you barely know that they are there .
with the breezes coming off the ocean we slept with the door open .
staff : the staff is great , very freindly .
it does help to know the language or travel with someone that does .
the only major problems with language was with the cleaning staff but you can easily work that out .
the wait staff is great .
i 've never seen staff so energetic .
they can make you feel better even if you have a hangover .
just leave your trash on the table and it 's gone in seconds .
no need to feel guilty .
not sure what to order ( food or drink ) they will recommend something .
rooms : the rooms are small but open , so if you are traveling with friends or couples , get your own room .
we had a oceanview  i would not trade that for the world .
the view was great .
bring your own wash cloths - they do not provide any .
food : i was a little disappointed with the food , not the restaurants themselves .
i would have liked to have a selection of local cuisine for dinner at least one night .
see the concierge to make dinner reservations as soon as you get there .
we selected a different restaurant for each night .
you can always change it if you want .
the dress is casual and the men must wear pants .
ladies we can wear walking shorts . clothes : optional .
well , at least on the beach .
i guess that 's the european influence .
it 's was not that bad so put your tongue back in your mouth .
: ) i recommend a bathing suit a day , 2 casual outfits or short sets for the day  something for dinner .
it gets cool at night so a light jacket is recommended .
currency : they deal in us$ or pesos .
you do not really have to change your $$ but know what the exchange rate is .
bring small bills if you are going to shop wither in the stores across the street or when you go out .
it is easier to bargain .
also easier to tip .
speaking of tips , the atmasphere does not really support it but just put it in there hands or leave it on the bar .
the staff really does appreciate it .
excursions : make your reservations early  plan your week .
if you are going 4- wheeling bring a bandana/scarf ( for the dust ) , a bottle of water , water shoes would be best for your feet and if you really want to have fun , wear clothes you do not want to keep ( i was not call the mud queen for nothing ) .
well i think thats a mouth full but worth it .
hope this was helpfull for someone .
see you january 2006! ! ! ! ! ! !
tainted by illness , otherwise pretty good we just returned from our stay at the bavaro princess and have some rather mixed feelings about this hotel .
we were there from feb . 12-19. the good : the check - in was easy , no problems there .
all the staff we dealt with were very kind and helpful .
the beach is fabulous , plenty of chairs and coco trees . the rooms are great , the maid service is good . the animals they keep on site are fabulous and we really enjoyed walking through the bird sanctuary and feeding the ducks in the pond . the not - so - good : the food was at best average , and sometimes pretty bad .
one or two things were delicious but the rest did not impress us . there was no bottled water available , except for the gallon we had in the mini fridge of our room .
we were not about to drag that around with us all day so we bought some smaller sized bottled water in the resort store .
it cost us 14 dollars us for a total of 2 litres (2 x 0.5 l and 1 x 1l ) we thought that was a little extreme !
the shower was pityful .
there was but a weak trickle from a decrepid shower head and it took a long time to take a decent shower at any time of day or night . . . the terrible : illness : i became ill on our third night there .
at 3:00 am , i got sick with nausea and diarrhea .
i took immodium immediately and that helped , but the nausea stayed with me for 5 days . my husband was not so lucky . . .24 hours later , he was severely ill .
i wo not disgust you with the details , suffice to say he left the maid what must have been the biggest tip of her life and humbly apologized to her about the mess in the washroom .
we did what we could to clean it up ourselves , but we did not have the proper supplies .
that stayed with him for the rest of our trip .
we were both afraid to eat anything after that . others were sick too , but we still ca not figure out if it was from food poisoning or if it was another outbreak of the gastro illness we had heard about from a previous health canada warning .
all i can say was that we took all of the proper precautions advised to us from the health canada web site and still got sick . i suppose had we not been ill , we may not have had negative feelings toward the resort .
however , we both agreed we would not likely return .
somewhat disappointing my husband and i spent 5 days at the princess with our two grandsons ( ages 6 and 4) .
check - in : we arrived around dinnertime on monday evening and checked in rather quickly .
room : our grandsons loved the room .
they thought it was especially neat to have to use the key to use the lights .
the room was located very close to the main pool and the only drawback with staying in a hotel so large , is we had to use the tram car to get back up to the main building all the time .
food : the food was a bit of a disappointment .
since we arrived late the first evening , we did not have a reservation anywhere and even though the restaurants were not crowded , we had to eat at the hispaniola because that is the only restaurant that does not require a reservation .
the food and service at bella pasta was good , but we were very disappointed at the service in el pescador .
we waited over a half hour for our food , while other people were being served within ten minutes .
we were just getting ready to leave when our food came .
unfortunately with two small boys , waiting is very difficult .
breakfast at hispaniola and chopin were good .
we wound up eating the rest of our meals at hispaniola and that got boring fast .
sickness : my younger grandson developed a rash on the second day we were there .
when we attempted to find the doctor ( according to the map ) , we had a major problem .
after going back and forth from where the doctor was supposed to be and the lobby for over a half - hour , my husband was standing at the front of the hotel ready to scream when a very nice man stopped and took us to the doctor 's office .
they had temporarily moved her office to a hotel room , but unfortunately no one in the main lobby had a clue where she was .
after examining our grandson , the doctor gave us three kinds of medicine , told us to keep him out of the sun that day , and sent us on our way , telling us to come back the next day to check him again .
although the doctor was extremely nice and helpful , we were somewhat surprised that it cost us $148 for that little venture .
weather : the weather was in the mid -80's while we were there .
it rained on and off every day and because we had youngsters , we would run back to our room instead of waiting it out in the bar or just staying in the rain .
i loved the ocean , but the boys and my husband spent most of the time in the pool .
of course the last day turned out to be the nicest day of all so after we checked out , we spent our last few hours playing in the pool by the main lobby and that turned out to be the best time of all .
i love the tropics and this is the second time i 've been to punta cana , but i do not think i will return to the princess again .
good week good time had by all .
service was great .
the staff could not have been nicer .
just not much to do for teens at nite .
they need a real place for teens on holiday weeks .
shuttle got you around quickly .
very nice beach .
we upgraded to vip i dont think it mattered .
you still had to wait at resturants and still got top shelf drinks if you asked for it .
very lush !
my first impression approaching the lobby of the resort was okay .
as we proceeded through the lobby we realized how big it was .
the floor in the lobby had different elevations with dozens of sitting areas throughout .
then after checking in we walked past the lobby and discovered a courtyard .
i could not help but to think how unimpressive the courtyard appeared .
it did not have an aesthetic appeal .
this courtyard is where the evening entertainment occured .
eventually we hopped onto a trolley and was dropped off at our suite .
i fell in love with the landscape , the lush vegetation and the suites .
there are 8 suites per building .
each building looked like a villa .
very private !
it was gorgeaous !
each suite had a private balcony with vegetation sorrounding the balcony for privacy .
as you walk into the room , you get a living room and kitchenette .
the bedroom is elevated and centered behind two columns .
the vanity and bathroom is in a different section of the room alltogether .
i really loved our suite except for . . . .the extremely firm mattress and the plumbing issue that flooded the vanity area of our room .
every night we had to drop towels on the floor .
we complained and no offer was made to change us to a different room .
we also discovered the sofa had a pull out bed .
which we had to use one night because i could not sleep another night on the firm mattress ( more like a wood board ) !the resort was enormous !
many winding paths throughout .
you 'll need to use the map for the first two or three nights to get a sense of direction .
trolley cars pass by every 5 or 10 minutes .
which leads me to say that although the trolleys are a definite requirement for this huge resort . . . . . the exhaust from these trollies took away from the eden like place .
must acquire a low emissions feul run trolleys .
i really hated to breathe while sitting in these cars .
there were plenty of restaurants to eat from and each had it 's own ambiance and aesthetic appeal .
i hate to say this . . . . . i love eating and my husband especially , but i was not crazy about the food in any of these restaurants .
i was very finicky about eating some of the meats , poultry or fish .
if it does not look right , i wo not eat it .
my husband ate everything in site and he definitely got food poisoning !
he thinks it was the mussels he ate around the 2nd or 3rd night .
luckily , as nice a wife that i am , i insisted that we do not go to d . r . without getting a prescription of antibiotics in case of food poisoning .
even though he swore he would not get sick , because it never happened to him before .
he got sick !
he had diahria and vomiting at the same time .
after that he took the antibiotics , he was completely healed 24 hours later .
a little weak the next day but 80% recuperated !
from then on we made careful selections of the foods we ate .
although i did not get sick like he did , i had a very mild case of diarhea , but controlled .
the beach was perfect !
beautiful , picturesque , breathtaking , heaven sent .
sand was almost white but felt like flour under my toes .
no seaweed or jelly fish .
the waves were mild , the water almost crystal blue , it was truly beautiful .
i have negative to say about the beach .
perfection ! evening entertainment was very good .
i feel the guest diploma awards is a waste of time .
we 're not going to go home and frame it !
have more evening crowd participation , every night .
that should be part of the evening shows as well .
the staff were friendly and nice .
i just want to make a very important suggestion . . . the men in the entertainment staff . . . . . after a show and you begin dancing with guests , please change into a fresh dry clean shirt .
you guys were drenched in sweat , it was totally gross when i was dancing with a couple of you .
have backup shirts for the evening . .please ! here are the negatives : -exhaust from trolleys - food was poor quality - hard mattress - some flooding issue in our bathroom - unattractive courtyard for nightly entertainment - silly awards everynight for guests waste of entertainment time frame - very little crowd participation ( need more evening games ) -the animal sanctuary lacked animals , where are they ?
why is not someone working in there ?
nothing lost , nothing gained .
i just returned home after a week at the bavaro princess in punta cana .
i tried to keep in mind that i was in another country and not the united states and , therefore , would probably not get the level and quality of service that i was hoping for and accustomed to .
with this in mind , i 'd have to say there were some pluses , and some minuses . i have to state that i was impressed with the quality of food at the buffet .
i rarely vacation at an all inclusive resort .
in fact , i believe this was only my third time .
however , i have to say that the food was actually pretty good compared to what i 've experienced before , and to other reports that i 've read .
the only down side is that breakfast was the same every day that i was there . the other plus is that the grounds were actually beautiful and well maintained .
it is also a very large property as far as size goes , but there is a small trolley like mode of transportation that runs until 3am in the morning , and runs the length of the property .
so , getting around was not as laborious as i had been led to believe in another report . the downside ; my room was over - run by microscopic bugs that were adamant about sharing my bed , in addition to something else that appeared to be winged ants that were content to just share the room .
my sheets were changed only once during my stay , and the blanket smelled as if it had not been changed in months .
the cleaning crew was certainly lacking in quality .
after i used up the bath soap i had to ask for additional bars .
most places that i 've been to would replace them as they are used .
i also used up my laundry bags and forms and had to ask for additional ones . finally , i 'd have to say that service varied .
at times i encountered staff who were most helpful , and other times i was left with the impression that i had no business asking for assistance .
overall , it was a decent experience .
i have certainly had better , and i 've had worse .
admittedly , i will return .
but , that 's only because i enjoyed punta cana , and the bavaro princess is the only location that my vacation package has available to me .
beautiful beach but be prepared . . . . my family ( my husband and 2 daughters 7  10) just returned last night .
we had a wonderful vacation ! !
the beach is fabulous with beautiful pink sand .
we had the vip and our room was ocean view .
highly recommend the vip for better room location and service .
the rooms are older and not the cleanest but they are adequate .
you need to remember that you are in another country and things are very different there .
there was a huge language barrier .
very few staff members spoke english .
when i tried to get my second massage the spa people would not communicate with me they just kept saying no hablo engles .
that was not a very good experience .
i would get ignored often at the bars ( i do not know why ) but my husband had no problems .
do not go to this resort if you are expecting 5 stars .
the nightly entertainment was horrible .
my daughters would not go to the kid 's club because they did not speak english .
the main pool entertainment was pretty good .
we had a few laughs .
the food is very different than the states .
my husband got sick on our 5th day and he 's actually at the doctor right now because he 's had irritable bowel for five days .
the worse part was my digital camera was stolen from el gaucho and all our vacation pictures were on it .
i am heartbroken .
the staff tried to help us locate it but no luck .
we even offered a reward .
if you do go , i highly recommend the swimming with dolphins at manati park .
that was the best !
the maranarium snorkeling trip was awesome !
the sailing and banana boat rides were a blast .
pool and beach fabulous .
go with an open mind , keep your hands on all valuables and do not try any food your are not sure about .
overall we had a wonderful trip but we would not return .
consider this !
as everyone has probably noticed , everyone has had different experiences at this hotel .
people complain about room service ( which i thought was awesome ) , others complain about how staff are not helpful .
i guess people just look at it differently .
first of all the scenery is beautiful and the hotel is amazing in appierence so that is definantly a plus .
i just returned to toronto this afternoon .
service and staff - it really depends on what staff u run into , the animation team and bartenders are very friendly , but people in the lobby and front desk not as much .
as well a lot of people have complained that some animation staff which are mainly in late 20's and eolder seem to hit on younger girls in their teen years .
kind of freaky at times but other then that the animation staff are not lazy and all their scedualed activities are always on time .
rooms - me and my family personal felt that our room was very well cleaned and big .
we did have a problem with our refrigerator and pointed it out to the maid , she called some one and in about 30 minutes the fridge was replaced .
so they are very good with things like that .
as for cockaroches i do not know about that but i guess things like that happen .
its best to get rooms in the 30's very close to beach and restaurants . .i stayed in 375 food - food was alright it depends on what restaurant you go to i liked el pescador and el guana the best .
thats all for now . . . .oh and one more thing , i met a guy there on my last day from new jersey , and his name i really cant remember i think it was cole or paul but i didnt get a chance to get his email so if he sees this some how . .i left my email address - -maria 
okay but not great .
my family and i stayed at the bavaro princess from april 17, until april 24.
there was little to complain about , and nothing to be impressed with either .
the place was beautiful , and the beach was gorgeous , but other than that , everything else was average .
we had a good time thanks to the other guests we met , and no one got sick from the food , but other than that there is nothing good or bad to say .
the vip upgrade was a good deal simply because we never had to wait in line for restaurant reservations , and had rooms right next to the pool and the beach .
the kids club had very limited hours and the kids were bored after one day .
the service was okay but not great , and the rooms could use a good cleaning .
i 'm glad we went , but for the price , we could have done better at the iberostar bavaro .
i will not visit again .
pro 's and con 's just got back 3 hours ago . . . . . i 've traveled the world from no stars to 5+stars .
here 's what i thought about punta cana and the bavaro princess : pro 's : -great beach - huge pool - nice hotel grounds ( massive and a bit stinky in certain areas ) - freshly made waffles and donuts for breakfast in main dining area - we loved the nescafe cafe con leche !
- massages ( my favorite one was done by the pool ) comes out to be $1 per minute - cute little monkey+ parrots that you can take pics with - lots of birds , roosters , chickens . . . around - large room - friendly staff ( mostly ) - bella pasta 's pizzacon 's : -food is a bit scary .
i am from ny and have high - ish standards so . . . - no water pressure in shower - room is a bit smelly - there is a language barrier but most locals/staff know a bit english  french - most store keepers were very pushy and hike up the prices 600% , be prepared to haggle !
- the city was very poor and sad to see - it rained 3 of the 7 days and was overcast 3 =1 day of good sun - could not find a good frozen alcoholic beverage and had a hard time ordering different drinks at the bars ( and drinks came in small glasses ) - got charged for laundry service we never used ( took a while to correct at check - out ) tours : -we loved the 4x4 quad trip=went to the beach , in a cave , saw some of the country $52 per person w/ 2 on 1 bike ( best part of trip ! ) *got very muddy* - loved parasailing $43 per person w/ 2 at a timeadvice : -plan to walk alot ! ( bring bandaids ) - bring long - sleeved clothing for cold and/or rainy nights - bring and use bug spray ( especially at night ) and do not leave your room door open .
- leave the maid $1-2 a day and even a note ( written in spanish , i used a small spanish/english dictionary ) and let them know what you need stocked .
- do not eat the hot - dog 's ! ! ! ! ! - go early to beach/pool and reserve a chair with your towels - go to the market down the beach for cheapest prices ( make a right when you walk out onto the beach , it 's about a 15-20 minute walk ) - make dinner reservations 8am for the next nights dinner - if you have children know that people are topless at the beach and pool 
some good , some bad my family stayed here for the last week in december .
there was a major language barrier so i would reccomend a spanish/english dictionary if you are not familiar with the language . the rooms were beautiful with great balconies .
however , sometimes the rooms did not get cleaned till 5:00.
the beach was excellent and had clean sand and crystal waters .
the pool was fridgid and kind of dirty .
you must get up early to get good seats but either way you end up getting packed in like sardines .
the food was bad .
during the week all one of my kids would eat bread and french fries .
also , if you like maple syrup bring your own because they do not have there nor do they have heinz ketchup .
in my opinion the vip package was not worth it .
the cigars are horrible , the bottle of rum is tiny , and i probably would not have gotten a massage if it was not included in the package .
also , licey the restaurant that you eat for free in with the vip package is not as good as it is made out to be .
our weather was wonderful but if you are considering going to the dominican republic i would not reccomend this hotel .
in reply to the trip advisor from puerto rico after reading the trip advisors report from puerto rico , i felt i had to write about a few things that may deter people from going to this hotel . . . . . . . .we stayed there in november for one week . . . . . .very recent .
as for the the bellboys wanting to take your suitcases where in the carribean do they not do this ?
i have travelled extensively to many countries and they all do this everywhere . . . jamaica , puerto vallarta , cancun , bahamas etc . .etc . . . this is their way of trying to earn a living , a polite no thank you and they walk away . . . . . . . as for the food i do not think you can make an accurate statement after staying only a weekend . . . . . .actually the chicken burgers and fries at the beach hut was the only place we did not like . . . . . unless you are use to eating extremely greasy food . . . . . .so it really is a question of taste . .to each their own . also the baggage on the returning bus , the way they do this is a lot less confusing than a busload of people grabbing at everyone elses luggage , plus if you lock your suitcases until you actually check in , there is no way anyone can put something in your luggage , which you should do anyway .
i found the people very helpful and friendly , the language is a bit of a barrier but then you are in their country and those that have a problem should stay home . . . . . . . .
you get what you pay for . . . my husband and i went there on second honeymoon , at the end of july .
when i got there , i felt like i was in paradise , everything was beautiful .
then on the third day i was there it poured .
i saw that there were families with more than one umbrella with the princess logo on it , and my husband and i were not given one .
it poured and poured and no umbrella .
there was no remote control , though i did not watch tv , the mini bar was never restocked , and i did not get an iron after requesting one 4 times .
the food was okay , but i am a pickey eater .
there were seven restaurants and basically i felt like it was the same foodevrywhere .
but since it is a buffet , you find something to eat .
my husband loved the food .
there is lots of food , eat , basically that is all you do .
the drinks were great .
the entertainment was okay , not the best though . . . it was a good thing that i am fluent in spanish , although they try to understand you , it is still difficult . . . the beach is beautiful .
i have never seen anything like that before and i have been to many resorts .
the pool is okay .
the staff is nice , as nice as they can be . . . what i tried to remember is that these people are getting paid about $6000 pesos a month , which is the equivalent to $174 us .
so i do not blame them , the staff is friendly , try to tip them , it works . . . our last day there was the worst , we went early to the beach and my husband lost his glasses .
the freaking timeshare sales boys are sooooooooo annoying , i had to tell them to stop harrassing us , our taxi arrived at 1pm at the hotel we called the bellhop ( maletros ) at 12pm , because we had a feeling that they were going to take their time . . . he got there at 2:30pm .
the taxi waited for an hour and a half .
i was sooooooooo upset , but hey i would go again , i booked the trip in santo domingo for 11,990 besos , which is basically $400 usfor the both of us , for 4 days , a good deal .
everything is included , the good and the bad . . .
but remember you get what you pay for . . .
would not go back , but good enough for an affordable all - inclusive .
my girlfriend and i stayed at the bavaro princess from april 6-13.
i would not tell anyone not to go to punta cana , but i would not go back either .
the beaches were great and the weather was wonderful .
remember , the beach is on the atlantic ocean , not the caribbean sea , so it is not as calm and clear as some other islands .
the weather was always sunny and around 90 degrees .
we tried to keep our complaints minimal and tried to enjoy ourselves .
however , there were some things that bothered us . 1) even though my girlfriend and i paid for the vip package , we did not receive a room close to the beach .
not really a big deal .
we were actually closer to the restaurants and lobby 2) when we got to our room , we were given two twin beds .
when we called the front desk to ask for 1 king size bed , they hung up on us .
we decided to keep the room because it would have been more stressful to try to switch rooms .
3) our ac leaked .
the maid reported it and someone fixed it right away .
4) t . v was fuzzy .
*you have to ask the front desk for a remote* people complained that the rooms did not have a remote . . . just had to ask for it .
5) all motorized vehicles burned oil/diesel and polluted the air .
after riding the tram , you smelled like oil and gasoline .
we tried to walk anyway , it was good exercise .
6) my girlfriend and i were sitting on our balcony and they decided to spray for mosquitos without notice .
we jumped up and ran into our rooms before being enveloped by the smoke .
7) they had a sewage treatment facility on site and some areas of the resort smelled like raw sewage 8) be careful of what you eat and drink .
they claim they use filtered water when cooking , but it still gave us stomach problems .
be sure to bring pepto or the like .
9) went to the markets off the resort .
the sales people are very aggressive and try to rip you off .
do not even waste your time going there .
they get mad at you if you offer lower prices in return .
it 's o . k . for them to rip you off , but not o . k . for you to try to get a better price .
- my advess well and they will definitely remember to take better care of you during your stay .
also , always try to say gracias/thank you and the people respect you more if you try to speak spanish .
even if you do not speak it well , they like to see you try to speak their language .
tipping : bartenders , wait staff , cook at the beach grill/snack bar , maids , etc .
you would be amazed at how far $2 goes when tipping .
asyou 'd expect . . . . . beware the timeshare sellers !
let me just start by saying this resort was exactly what we expected based on it?? 5 out of 6 star rating and reviews i had read on debbie?? dominican page and other sites .
there are two resorts here the melia caribe is geared towards the americans and english speaking customers while melia caribe tropical is geared towards the europeans .
from what i understand the main difference is the two have different check in lobbies , so the staff can speak that particular language .
everyone goes to the same beach , pools , restaurants , etc .
the resort is large and spread out over several acres .
the grounds are beautiful and well maintained .
the shuttle service can be a very slow , especially around dinner time , when everyone is trying to get to the restaurants .
sometimes , when it did come it was full .
flag down a golf cart and tip the driver a few bucks .
if they can take you to your destination they will .
food : our experience was good at each restaurant we went to : dominican , chinese , american , and french .
the steak at the french restaurant was out of this world .
i eat steak maybe twice a year , this was so good .
we did have a problem getting into our restaurants of choice .
we were not able to get into the japanese at all .
we did get the french twice though and did not hesitate to go back .
the buffet was good .
you have to remember that they are trying to appeal all sorts of nationalities .
all sorts of cheeses for breakfast ( french ) , lox and chips and salsa ( count me in ! ) , tons of fresh fruits and juices .
i did read about and experienced on our last day ? ? a bird in the fruit bin .
that grossed me out .
beach  pool : i read where people complained about the seaweed on the beach .
let me tell you , i live on the atlantic ocean and no one is allowed to touch ( clean up ) the seaweed because it is a ??atural resource? ?
these people are out there every morning cleaning up the seaweed .
yes , there is some seaweed on the beach ? ? welcome to the ocean .
also , it is a public beach - expect tp be approached by locals .
the beach is clean and the water is warm ( but not overly , like the gulf of mexico ) yet refreshing .
the sand is beautiful , however , for some reason no seashells or rocks ( odd ) .
not that , that is detrimental because you can go shoeless , on the beach where i live you need to wear beach shoes , lest you cut your feet .
the pools were beautiful and well maintained as well .
there is a swim up bar at the pool .
the kids loved that .
there is lots of shade for those who don?? want to spend the day in the sun .
the pools are crowded .
lots of water sports to keep you busy , entertainment : the entertainment basically begins at 10pm .
way too late for us , we were tired after a day in the sun and a big dinner .
at the towel ??eadquarters? ? at the pool you can get a schedule of events for the day .
there is something going on all of the time ; horseshoes , volleyball , dancing lessons , etc . .
we did not do any of that , but it was nice to know you could if you wanted to .
there is also water aerobics at the pool every day .
that was a lot of fun .
non - motorized sports are included .
for example , we took out a catamaran .
the problem is you are supposed to have it for a certain duration of time but no one has a watch on them to know how long they have been out ( or were they just having too much fun ? ) .
so you may need to wait , even if you reserved something for a specific time .
don?? blame the staff , it?? not their fault .
we did parasailing right at the resort ( $85 for two ) which was so worth it .
the staff did an exceptional job .
i had never parasailed before and i was nervous but they did a great job .
shopping : twice a week the resort has local vendors .
you probably heard about them whereas you can bargain with them .
one day they are on the american side one day on the euro , check with the resort , they were there tuesday  thursday .
if you walk down the beach you can also find local vendors , they are like hawks looking for you though , i preferred the vendors at the hotel .
fyi their local stone , larimer comes in many different qualities .
see the stones at the euro gift shop so you are familiar with the stone and don?? expect real silver from any vendors .
my daughter bought a larimer bracelet from the gift ??ut? ? near the pool and the stone popped out within 5 minutes , unfortunately we were already home , or else i would have brought it back .
the gift shop on the euro side is larger and has much more to offer .
the water : 6 out of 8 of us were ill at one point .
basically we had the ??quirts? ? for
? a day or so .
nothing that would ruin your vacation but make certain you have your medication of choice ( i prefer pepto bismal , my sister prefers imodium ) .
one of the staff had the bartender fix me a local remedy with bitters , sprite , a little alcohol and who know what else .
it was gross but they only gave me a 1/2 cup and i felt better .
i was not so sick that it kept me from the pool ? ? i just set up next to the bathrooms ??ust in case? ?
timeshare : it is amazing how they know if you have attended .
once you attend they know it and leave you alone .
find out in advance what is expected of you .
we were told if we sat through a 90 minute presentation , which was too much of my precious vacation time , so we bargained and received a $50 gift certificate ( my sister used her for parasailing , i used mine in the gift shop ) .
once i told the salesman there was no way i would buy anything today and no way i would buy anything without researching customer feedback on the internet he lost interest in his sales pitch .
sounds good to me ? ? took my $50 gift cert and i was outta there .
accomodations : our room was nice enough , nothing special , but we did not spend much time there .
a bidet in the bathroom , a small sitting area , nice balcony .
the staff start pretty early in the morning on the grounds maintenance , so it gets noisy .
who can blame them ?
it gets hotter as the day progresses .
we had ants in our room ? ? but then we did have food which attracted them .
staff came and sprayed .
we had heard stories and brought our draft protector to place in front of our door .
we also found a dead bug in our room , but it was dead and in a tropical setting they are difficult to avoid .
as long as they are not in the bed with me or something i?? good .
you need bottled water .
tip the cleaning lady and she will set you up .
we tipped her $5 our first day and we received a case of water .
remember you need it to brush your teeth and rinse your toothbrush , we had ? bottles everywhere .
don?? expect perfection .
this is almost a 3rd world country .
staff may move slower than we are used to but they work long days and it is hot .
you would not move that fast either .
you are on vacation , slow down , relax and enjoy .
bring washcloths !
we brought our own washcloths because we heard none were available and they weren?? .
we left them for the cleaning lady when we checked out .
and , if you use conditioner for your hair bring that too - none is provided . this place is not great but the shuttle we came in on made us nervous because it drop people off at some places that were so run down - i was afraid that was where we were going . . . . . . .
this was much better . oh !
and if you lose your towel , you need to pay for it - precious commodity apparently 
above average facilities ; below average service we just returned from 8 days at the melia caribe ( aug . 1 - 8) .
the resort is big , bustling and , in many ways , beautiful .
unfortunately , the service does not remotely match the quality of the facilities .
royal service is anything but royal - - average would be a better description .
we encountered check - in difficulties , maintenance issues , transportation issues , rudeness . . . you name it .
be prepared for very slow response times and endless communication struggles ( no one speaks english ) .the beach was extremely nice .
go early in the morning before the sea grass gets all stirred up by the motorized water sports .
good luck trying to hitch a ride from the royal service villas to the beach .
the golf carts run inconsistently , when they run at all . the food was pretty good .
be sure to visit the japenese restaurant .
it was as good as everyone claimed .
if you are looking for a disney - like experience with big crowds , lush grounds and you have a high tolerance for inefficiencies , you will probably enjoy this resort .
it is very family friendly and does offer alot in the way of tropical beauty .
as for our family , we do not plan to return .
just too many frustrations . if you are going to the melia caribe , be sure to take all of your paperwork from your travel agent with you .
you will need it when you check in .
also , you will be ordered to attend certain meetings at certain times .
this ticked me off !
we did not attend one single meeting .
if you too elect to not attend the meetings , be sure you get your transfer pass the day before you check - out .
this is your ticket back to the airport .
we spent about $150 in tips .
looking back , we probably would have gotten the same ( marginal ) service if we had spent $15 in tips .
lastly , if you are planning a romantic getaway , i strongly recommend you study the different floor plans before selecting your room type .
our room ( royal service , bldg .
#49) , had a see - through bathroom off the bedroom .
that 's right : see - through !
yes , you could see into the toilet area as well .
if modesty and/or privacy is important to you , this see - through design will severely disturb you .
and heaven forbid that you get sick , as i did a couple of nights .
hopefully , you get the picture here .
i wish we had chosen the one bedroom suite with two bathrooms .
beautiful resort but do not visit during the peak season !
the resort is both beautiful and large .
there are several lounge areas and two pool bars .
one of the pool bars is in the vip ( royal service area ) .
check - in was a bit of a pain since the lobby isn?? enclosed , so it?? not air conditioned .
certain parts of the dominican airport are not air conditioned so standing in a hot lobby behind several other couples waiting to check in is less than comfortable .
express check in and check out is available to royal service members only . we were told to leave our baggage at the front lobby and the bell boys would bring it to the room .
this was a completely foreign concept to me , but it was nice not having to lug around our heavy bags , and once we actually walked the grounds and located our room , i understood why they bring you your bags to your room .
you will waste a lot of time walking the resort , or waste a lot of time on the train , which makes multiple stops .
the other option is to flag down a golf cart and tip the driver for a ride , but this is not always easy to do .
reservations : we visited the resort during the peak season , so making dinner reservations was a complete joke .
you couldn?? call before 9 a . m .
when we did , the line was busy .
we would get through around 9:30am , only to be told that there was no open spots anywhere in their 11 restaurants .
you are not allowed to make a reservation more than 2 days in advance , unless you are royal service , and then you can make your reservations a week out .
if you don?? manage to get dinner reservations , you must eat dinner off - site at the mall next door , unless you are royal service member .
then you can at least eat at the buffet that is open until 11p . m .
my biggest complaint in addition to the difficulty of making reservations is the fact that even if you do get a reservation , you must call back after 2pm to confirm again , and that still doesn?? guarantee your time .
our reservations were pushed back several times without the staff telling us in advance .
so , we had to stop what we were doing in order to make our dinner time , and when we get there , we are told our time is not 8:15pm , but has been moved to 9:30pm .
guest service is less than helpful , unless you are member of royal service .
food : the buffet food was okay but i had a hard time finding healthy dishes .
even the vegetables are cooked in oil or butter , and the salads are doused in dressing or oil .
a person gets sick of eating fruit everyday .
dinner was either just okay or excellent .
it probably depends on what you order , and who?? working in the kitchen on any given night .
as for tipping , the money that we saved booking this vacation could have been pilfered away with all the tipping you??e expected to do .
after you pay your $10 at the airport , you may have to visit the bathrooms .
i shocked to see a bathroom attendant who wanted to be tipped for handing me a paper towel .
i??l get my own damn paper towel ; thank you very much !
then you are faced with either fighting off the guys who want to be tipped for getting your bags for you .
you will be expected to tip your bus driver who brings you to the resort , and the bell boys who bring your bags to the room .
you can tip the bartenders but i don?? think it made a difference either way .
we never had to wait too long for a drink anyway .
besides , there are enough bars in the place that if the wait is too long at one , you can walk a short distance to another lounge where there is less of a wait .
we didn?? tip the bartenders most of the time , nor the waiters , unless the service was extremely good .
tipping the maid service doesn?? seem to help one way or the other .
i didn?? notice if the room was cleaned earlier because of it , and we didn?? receive anything extra in the mini fridge .
at one point , i actually had to leave the maid a note to refill the coffee ! what you read about the absence of washcloths is true , unless you are royal service .
read on for more details of what the royal service is actually all about , and then you can decide whether the $70 in free resort money is worth about 2 hours of your time . the beach is stunning and clean .
though if you walk past the resort a ways toward the gift shops , you will notice how dirty the shore looks , because this is the area where the locals hang .
people that run the gift shops will approach you and ask you to visit their shops where they promise a ??ood price? ?
you can manage a bargain , but the haggling takes patience .
we took an excursion to santo domingo .
i would wholeheartedly not recommend this excursion .
the 3 hour drive ended up being 5.5 hours each way , and total was just under 15 hours .
the advertised time says it is a 12 hour excursion .
apparently , that?? 12 hours dominican time .
the first stop was a hole in the ground , known as the three eyes .
it is a cave , in which an earthquake created 3 lakes within .
we drove by the christopher columbus lighthouse but were unable to go inside .
you could only take photos .
we stopped by a sugar cane statue , and took a few more photos .
lunch was decent .
then onto the house of diego , the son of christopher columbus , where we able to go inside and take a tour .
from there , we visited the cathedral , which is not air conditioned .
we walked right by 2 museums and the hard rock caf? , and were instead dropped in front of a tourist trap , a . k . a . , colonial market .
you are given 45 minutes to make your purchases .
the prices are beyond ridiculous : $9 usd for a shot glass , $15 usd for an ashtray , etc .
the prices are also non negotiable , but you get a 20% discount off most things because of the tour operator .
still , the prices are no bargain .
i was disappointed that we were unable to go off on our own for a bit , and were unable to haggle with the local vendors for some good bargains .
going to and from , you see poverty and the third world country that is the dominican republic .
the tour operator never mentioned it , but i think it would have been worth mentioning .
overall , the impression i took away from the dominican republic is that they don?? really preserve their history , and don?? take pride in their country .
we took a snorkeling excursion via scuba caribe , which seems to work with the hotel .
it is an hour and a half , and $29 per person booked via viator . com .
you are taken out on a glass bottom boat to the coral reef , where you can happily snorkel for an hour .
royal service : you will be approached from the moment you walk into the hotel about making an appointment for this .
my husband and me finally agreed , just so they would stop hassling us about it .
they tell you that the royal service is not a timeshare , because there are no black out dates .
options that are not used one year will roll over to another year .
there are over 350 hotels and resorts to use the options with , and you can even use your masgold points to pay for airfare .
the royal service rooms are equipped with a kitchen/kitchenette with granite countertops , and refrigerator comes stocked with drinks .
the bathrooms have a jacuzzi tub and granite countertops .
the vip lounge area boasts a swim up pool bar , regular bar , and buffet that is also open for dinner until 11p . m .
royal service members also get room service .
if you are not a royal service member , you do not have the room service option .
at the pool area , staff will bring you drinks and food at your request .
the price for royal service varies , based on the package that your salesperson thinks would suit your needs best .
a downpayment of several thousand dollars is required , and the balance financed through a bank in the dominican republic at 13.4% .
they do not do credit checks , and do not report to the credit bureaus in the us , so it will not show as open account on a credit check .
the pools close way too early at the resort : 6pm .
if you take a walk on the beach , i highly recommend bug spray , as malaria runs rampant , and the sand fleas will happily make a meal of you .
nightlife : there is karaoke at least twice a week in one of the lounges , and live music until 10pm in another lounge on the weekends .
the discoth?que is open every night at 10pm -2am .
i liked it but the whole place smelled of musty sweat .
this was our first stay at an all inclusive resort , and overall it was pleasant , but i would not recommend going during peak season .
the sales tactics are also less than pleasant , but we did turn our $70 into $140 spending money at the resort .
it seems you have to be royal service member to really have a hassle free stay there .
pros/cons of melia caribe tropical we just returned from 5 nights at the melia caribe tropical .
while the property is beautiful and well maintained , it is very spacious and the activities ( pools , beach , restaurants , casino ) are not within walking distance .
we were told there was a train that could take us around the property ; i envisioned the train in disney world .
it was more like a train from a kiddie park that travelled at 5 mph .
it took 15-20 minutes to completely circle the property .
if you upgrade to the royal service you will be driven around the property via golf carts - - i would highly recommend this option . the sleeping room was nice ; however , the plumbing in the bathroom is horrible . . . also wash cloths are not provided and the hotel is extremely stingy with bath towels .
the pools and beach are beautiful .
the food was very good ; a large selection and variety of items for everyone 's taste .
we only booked one 'ala carte ' dinner and were disappointed in the portion size , so we went to the all - you - can - eat buffets instead .
the atmosphere in the main dining room is very casual ; no need to dress up for dinner .
i was also surprised that most of the hotel staff does not speak english ; even the simplest things ( i . e . , black coffee , diet soda ) was difficult to communicate .
overall , we had a nice time and would go back - - but only by booking the royal service .
grounds were breathtaking but hospitality not so much my wife and i are in our early 20's and came on our honeymoon for the week of 6/29-7/4.
we were blown away at first by the architecture and plant life at the resort but were abrutly brought back down to earth when it took us over an hour to check - in .
there were 2 people working at the front desk and they looked to be in no hurry to help people out in a timely manner .
this was not a good way to start off a trip .
we found out the hard way by trying to walk to our room from the lobby that the resort is huge ! ! !
the grounds were amazing though !
we loved all the food .
surprisingly , the mexican restaurant was our favorite .
the only other problem we had with the resort was the service/hospitality .
the service in the restaurants was not that great , and the bartenders were not all that friendly , either .
i guess the language barrier played a big factor in that .
my advice would be to hone up on your spanish before you go .
bumps along the way but enjoyed - royal service was key !
there were some bumps along the way , but overall we enjoyed our stay 5/21-5/25.
we are in our mid 30?? and went for our anniversary .
we opted for royal service which i think was well worth it and made the difference in our experience .
the place is exceptionally large and beautiful .
i ca not say enough about the grounds and first class atmosphere .
however , the food and service was good to great depending and could use improvement .
rs check in went smooth and they were very helpful since we missed our entire first day due to the airline .
they upgraded us complimentary to a suite which was very nice .
be sure to tell the driver royal service so you get off on the second stop .
the room was a bit musty at first , but nothing a travel candle couldn?? fix .
bottled water , rum , and soft drinks were provided in the room .
after a few attempts we stopped trying to call our butler and just called the rs number for things .
only once did we have a problem with dinner reservations ; but we called after 2 and got in with no problem ( thanks rs ) .
the water and sand were spectacular .
the rs beach had seaweed , but the bali beds and bar service were great .
there weren?? any floats to use in the water .
the water was clearer in the regular beach area .
i did notice people reserving spots on the beach and by the pool , but that?? everywhere .
we ate at the seafood , american , dominican , and gabi restaurants .
i think the seafood restaurant was the best and the grill near the beach was awful .
the best meals and service by far were at dinner .
lunch at gabi was great , but the poolside snacks need some improvement .
breakfast at the marketplace was great too , but service was sometimes lacking .
everyone was friendly , but sometimes the staff would totally ignore you without saying a word .
other times , you couldn?? even get your request out before they were trying to help .
also , the vacation salespeople were really a pain .
a firm no is the only way to deal with them .
we enjoyed the nighttime entertainment ; but it?? not exactly a night on the town if that?? what you??e looking for .
drinks/bars were great ; although i did notice during the day they seemed to use the same slushy mix in several drinks as another poster complained .
we didn?? mind the train ; but with rs we rode mainly in the golf carts .
we did the stingray bay/carnival festival excursion and highly recommend it .
having been back a month , i don?? think this place was as bad as others made it out to be .
in fact , i think it has awesome potential .
i would recommend only going royal service to make sure you get the better experience .
i don?? think i?? return until the service and food improved from good to great to match its beauty .
btw - my husband got sick our last full day and had to see a doctor when we returned .
he?? gotten sick from most of our trips to the caribbean but this was the worst .
be sure to take the necessary precautions .
great 4 family of five we visited melia with our 3 kids (16, 9  5) and our friends and their 2 kids (11  7) , after having stayed at paradisus punta cana with just us two couples the year before .
we got family jr .
suites , which are right by the beach and pool .
you cannot go wrong if you end up in buildings 1-3.
we were supposed to have buckets and pails waiting in the room as a welcome gift for the kids as part of the family suite booking , but neither our kids or our friends got them after a few calls and promises that they would be sent .
there was also a scheduled kid gift/activity scheduled in the children 's area that we showed up for , but no one was there .
while i never use childcare , our kids did get to sit in on a magic show they had , and i did see the caregivers taking the kids all around the property for lunch , feeding the peacocks , swimming etal .
my age ranges were pretty well engaged with the things offered on property as well , but be forewarned you will have to pay for some of the key activities they will want to do .
the sky ropes course will cost you 10 bucks american , the euro bungy another 6 bucks , figure another 6 bucks for the climbing wall , and there is a huge 2 story slide on the beach that will run you 2 bucks for 3 slides , and they will also take the kids horseback riding for 10 bucks .
all those extras initially rubbed me the wrong way since i thought everything should 've been included in a family all inclusive , but what are ya gonna do ?
just be ready to pony up at least 32 to 50 bucks per kid if you plan to let them do it all - and they will want to !
the only included activities they did were the pedal boats and canoes , which were fun and easy to book .
although there were volleyball nets , they wanted my friend to pay for a ball !
i must interject here that paradisus was superior in this area , as they offered everything from the balls to organizing the games , to basketballs , playing cards , books , etc .
you also get free horseback riding , scuba lesson and one free scuba dive there along with all your nonmotorized watersports .
we just could not go there with our family of five like we could at melia , or else we would have returned or tried palma real , their higher end property located right next to melia .
paradisus has all of its restaurants near the beach , whereas melia 's restaurants are all back at the lobby a good walk away .
the trains were regular , but the walk was not bad to me .
the food quality , variety and quantity was much better at the paradisus .
the buffet at paradisus had a better selection and was partially indoors so you did not have the invasion of flies like you had at melia 's outdoor restaurant by the beach .
also , at paradisus my hungry man was able to order two entrees for dinner , which they would not allow at melia .
and good luck on getting your dinner reservations at melia .
the property was barely half full when we were there , but it was a lot of work to get into a restaurant you wanted versus what they had left by just 9:30 am .
maybe those in royal service did not have this problem , because they have someone make their reservation and get first dibs , but those rooms are also far away from the beach .
remember , the family suites are the best - close to beach , spa/gym and pool ) .as for the nightly shows , take your kids to the flintstones show and disco they have , but you may not want to take them to the adult shows .
they were a bit racy in spots .
we brought along a grandma who kept the kids while we went out to the shows and dancing - they have live music in the lobbies and beds you can lay in and tables to sit at .
oh , speaking of racy shows , also be aware that women go topless on the beach , and a few around the pool .
at most , however , this drew a put those things away , there are children here !
from my 11 year old godson - hilarious !
should you leave the kids in - room at night , there are english children 's channels and playstation ( i think you have to rent these games , but if you bring your own , and your own controllers , you may not have to bother to pay the resort yet another extra ) .to sum up , the food was so - so , much better at paradisus .
it is a place where a family of five can stay in one room , which is hard to find , and there is a good amount for younger and older kids to do ( although the teen nightclub was always empty ) .
nevertheless , i would recommend paradisus punta cana over melia if you do not need room for five .
no matter what you choose , you absolutely cannot go wrong with the beautiful beach .
have not received agreed to compensation for overbooking $1071 for our february 17th , 2008 trip .
checked before flight that our requested rooms were available .
signed in .
then told we had to be housed off the all - inculsive grounds .
gave preference to large tour operators . they called it an upgrade .
we called it being bumped .
they agreed , and signed a form , that we were to be compensated for the inconvenience .
despite four months of pleasant emails and telephone conversations promising our compensation , we have not received it .
we have dealings with reception supervisor mr . edgardo vasquez , general satisfaction assurance coordinator amauris omar luciano who sent us a letter from the general director mr . manfred schobel .
and lastly , mr . vasguez sent a copy of an email to a mrs . perkins who is supposed to take care of sending out the $1071us compensation 
nice place , skip the food we just stayed at melia caribe for our honeymoon .
the resort was gorgeous !
marble floors throughout the lobby .
very friendly staff !
watch out , because they will all try to get you to take an invitation to meet with them at a later time for a information session about becoming a member .
they will not leave you alone all week .
besides that , the staff was great !
we had a royal service suite .
i have not been there in a regular room , but i am guessing that it was worth it having the royal service .
our room was a small apartment , with a huge bed , a private porch , two plasma tv 's , a living room , a kitchen ( full ) , and jacuzzi and a beautiful bathroom .
the whole apartment has marble floors .
the maids come to the room twice a day ( never at times when we were in the room ) .
the come once in the morning to clean and make up the bed .
they come again while we are gone for dinner to turn down the bed .
the beach a about a 10 minute walk from our room .
we had the option to either walk , or flag down one of many golf carts driven by service staff to take you to the beach .
they also have a 'train ' that constantly goes around the resort that you can take . the beach has a section that is private to royal service guests .
it is quiet .
there are cocktail servers that come around to you at the beach , or you can walk up to the bar on the beach yourself .
oh , by the way , be prepared to see many women topless on the beach . there is also a private pool area for royal service members .
we did not like this one as much as the other pools , because it was too quiet with not enough going on .
the upside of the private pool is there is a complimentary snack bar . now , the negative .
if you are thinking about purchasing all - inclusive . . . . . do not !
the breakfast and lunch buffets were equivalent to a college cafeteria buffet .
there are just a few dominican food items available , and they are not very good .
at breakfast , the rest is just regular breakfast food .
at lunch , there is a decent variety of items , but again , it is the quality of a cheap buffet .
very disappointing !
if you want some juice with your breakfast , they have a great selection , but it is not kept cold , so enjoy a warm glass of oj !
at the gabi club ( royal service pool area ) you can get comp .
food at the snack bar .
i would be wary of the hamburgers .
they cook them ahead of time and keep them in a pan filled with hot water until ordered !
disgusting ! dinners . . . . . oh boy . . . . . . . there are 8 or 9 different restaurants on the resort , all with a different theme ; american , dominican , thai , japanese ( teppanyaki ) , mexican , italian , french and so on .
do not get excited !
i would equate this food to a frozen dinner at best !
even the dominican restaurant was bad !
i was excited to go there so i could have some real dominican food , but not so much .
even american food . . . .how can you mess that up ?
i was unsure whether i wanted salmon or a regular cheeseburger , so i got both .
the salmon smelled and tasted sooooo fishy !
i could not take more than one bite for fear of getting sick .
so i turned to the burger .
i think that this burger was cooked the same way as the one at the gabi club .
nasty ! oh , and you need to have reservations for each restaurant .
why , i dont know because the restaurants were more than half empty each night at 7:30 when we went in .
what happens if you get there early , you ask ? sorry , your reservation is not until 7:30.
with all of the empty tables , they will not let you sit early .
and when you do get sat , the restaurant service is not so great .
eventually someone will fill your water , and then someone else will come up and take your order .
of the week we were there , twice they got our order wrong .
the last night of our stay , we decided to go eat at hard rock cafe instead because we could not stand it anymore !
the hard rock is in a mall on the resort grounds , along with tony romas , a sushi place and a pizza place . . . .so there are options nearby if you do not wanna eat the nasty food at the resort . great place , bad food !
it is worth it as long as you dont get excited about the food !
bitter sweet i visited this resort for a wedding in may 2008.
it was great ; with clean , beautiful beaches and pools .
the drinks could 've been a little stronger , but to each his own .
many restaurants to choose from and plenty of activities .
my disappointment came when i returned home and found out my bank account had been overdrawn over $1000 to various gas stations in texas ( i live in indiana ) .
ok , so maybe a tourist , like myself , got the best of me until it was brought to our attention that at total of 8 people from our group were also victims of fraud .
the only thing we all had in common in using our cards was the resort itself .
most horrible , i never used my card at the resort , however , they did have my information on file when i booked my stay .
i thought it was odd that i was not asked for a card for incidentals - they already had it .
and , so did other people , apparently .
also , the only time the cards were used were at the resort only - we mostly used cash for the duration of our trip .
be careful !
good value for an all inclusive we stayed at the melia tropical during the week of march 17, 2008.
our arrangements were made through an interline travel agency ( we are airline employees ) , so we got a wonderful deal for three of us ( couple and 14 yr old daughter ) .
upon our arrival at the d . r . punta cana airport , you immediately sense that they will try to squeeze all the money possible out of you , starting with the pictures with two costumed women at the airport .
we quickly refused them , and they did not seem to appreciate our bluntness much , nonetheless , we are glad we did .
it was a $25 ride to the hotel , passing through some slums and finally arriving at this man made jungle they call the melia conglomeration of resorts .
we got to the lobby of the hotel , and immeidately someone accosted us to try to talk us into the famous '90 min presentation . '
i knew they were going to do this , so again , i immediately refused ( they did not like my reply , but it did not matter to us ) .
my husband checked us all in , and again , another person - -pretending they wanted t show us the grounds - -diverted us to another desk where three men were waiting to sell us on their timeshare presentation .
i stepped in , and told them again , that we did not come here to do any of that , i bluntly told them that we wanted to be left alone and not bothered , as our vacation was our own family time , not time for them .
one of the men ( he had very light skin features and blonde , almost bleached hair , really did not like my attitude , i could tell , but it worked , because they left us alone for the rest of the week ) .
we speak fluent spanish , and i think that also helped set them straight .
nonetheless , by this time it was well past 3pm and our room was not ready ( no surprise ) so we headed to the marketplace buffet for lunch .
we were immediately surrounded by a bevy of waiters trying to vie for our attention and tips .
we did bring about $250 in singles , which , i have to say , went a long way getting us better service .
our room was finally ready at about 5:30pm ( this was worse than mexico , folks ! ) but we found it to be spacious and comfortable , although it had virtually no drawer space and the beds were hard and uncomfortable and soooo small !
we had two beds which were more twin size than full size ( the spaniards apparently use smaller beds than us americans ) .
our room was located near the beach and the beachside grill so it was very convenient .
we never got to use the beach as the waves were very violent and the water arctic cold .
the beautiful swimming pool was equally cold and we really just sat by the pool all week long .
my husband had to get up at 6am every day to put a towel on some poolside chairs in order to secure us a place and even with that , most chairs were taken by 6am !
i think people just left their towels there overnight and never removed them in order to secure the best poolside spots .
we only met another family from the us while we were there , everyone was from europe , canada or another part of the world .
in essence , it was nice , because we enjoy the dialogue and exchange with other cultures when we travel around the world , but be warned that the hotel caters to europeans , allowing them to smoke everywhere and also go topless .
we knew of these two situations beforehand , so were prepared .
we are not smokers , but everywhere we went there were people smoking , even young teenagers , all we had to do was move to another side of the restaurant , lounge or wherever we happened to be .
there was also no apparent drinking age minimum , so for those of you who are sensitive to this issue , be warned .
as for the dining , we did enjoy the dominican restaurant , the american restaurant and the seafood restaurant .
the menus are very , very small and llimited , and yes , the food is no 5- star quality , but remember that you are in an all inclusive facility and you get what you pay for .
we did not expect top quality dining , but we thought the offerings were reasonably presented and prepared .
the beverages were the downside , for us .
their local rums , horrible spaniard wines , and other non - brand - name spirits were appalling .
we chose to buy better bottles of wine from their wine list ( at a cost , of course ) and better brands of spirits .
what is included in their beverages is absolutely terrible .
so if you enjoy a good bottle of wine or a properly prepared cocktail , prepare to shell out a few dollars , as these luxuries are not included .
we spent a lot of time at their bar that is next to the show venue , and we have to say that the bartenders were wonderful , warm people .
one of them , by the name of jesus , was terrific , and we would return to him night after night .
he was the highlight of the bar area .
as for the nightly shows , they were entertaining and enjoyable .
it is not las vegas , but they truly try their best to entertain you , so we really appreciated that .
and yes , someone prior to us in these critiques said that 'one does not really know what is going on as far as activities , shows , etc . because nothing is posted . '
that is correct , there is really no notification provided to guests , other than a small mural/board next to the train stop with limited information .
i almost forgot to talk about the fact that we became very familiar with using the number '3000' while were guests at the hotel .
you see , when you need to make a reservation , ask for extra towels , complain about something , or anything in the world , you pick up your room phone and dial 3000.
it seems to be the magic number .
you cannot dial individual departments for assistance , so time after time , we got the same indifferent women operators at extension 3000.
on another note , please be aware that there is no room service in this part of the resort and also no internet .
we - -fortunately - -had our laptop with us , and were able to buy some air time at their less - than - stellar so - called business center for a reasonable amount .
however , internet connection there is so bad that we used up most of our air time trying to connect to the internet !
also , be aware of the 'friendly ' folks running around the hotel with parrots , monkeys and other little creatures . . . they are not sharing their animals with you , they are trying to take your picture so that they can sell them to you at $10 each ( cash only , by the way ) .
everywhere you turn , someone is trying to make a dime off of you .
even one evening , when we were strolling through an outdoor little market that some vendors had set up at the hotel , it was nauseating to even walk through it , , someone was constantly trying to sell you whatever they had , even though i told them clearly that we were just browsing .
we did not purchase anything from them , instead , we picked up a few small things at the hotel 's souvenir shop , and still spent over $160 in random little things . . . very , very expensive . overall ,
i have to say the grounds of the hotel are beautiful , and yes , it is huge , and you will generally use the train to get around .
many of the employees were warm and attentive , and i also have to agree with a previous post that the girls who work at the marketplace grill are cold and not very nice .
we found dominican men to be much more friendly thant he women , most of the women have an air of superiority and arrogance about them , so we generally ignored them .
the only women that were pleasant were the room maids , they were respectful and very cordial and so prompt whenever you needed something for the room .
i am giving the resort a 3 star because we enjoyed the facilties and the experience , and for the value that we paid , we truly got a good vacation .
it is not a 4 or 5 star resort , but most of the employees try hard to welcome you and make you feel comfortable , and folks , remember , this is a very poor country with limited resources , and they do the best they can under the circumstances .
enjoyed the beach and food just returned from punta cana within the last week from our stay at the melia caribe .
this was our second stay , we had been their three years before . having advised the resort previously we were repeat customers , uponn our arrival at the resort , we were treated with great urgency and check in was done within a half hour .
their were 43 people on our bus that arrived at the same time and the resort was more then ready for them .
the golf was great , the food was great .
the resort was a big quiet place when we were there three years ago but most people must have found out .
it has become a family resort with to many parents not addressing their childrens behaviour .
way to much smoking on the beach , in food areas and all over the place . in addition , what was a quiet evening for a walk on the cobblestone , is now a maze of three trains , mini bikes and a large fleet of golf carts .
what was once a quiet and pleasant resort has now become a business site of activity .
will not return . david in lethbridge .
nice resort we just returned from sol melia tropical today and this is my honest assesment of the resort and what to expect from the people . first , the property is beautiful .
beach is nice , facilites are nice , restaurants are nice .
very well maintained .
the staff is nice and everything is on par .
dominicans are not the friendliest people and they talk crap as you walk away if you dont leave a tip everytime you get a drink or anything !
( i speak spanish ) its a little annoying with the constant shakedown .
bring lots of singles to hand out !
no joke .
english is not the norm for most people in the dr , so know a little spanish . also , be wary of a company called vip tours offering atv rides . they tend to have problems with american express cards and cant seem to resolve them on their own forcing you to call amex and having to hand the phone to the hotel rep to get it straight .
its a little ametuer for such a large resort .
the atv ride is alot of fun , you go to a cave and swim , you go to the ocean and swim on a perfect beach , but again , be aware , the locals will set up a table wherever you are , and try to aggressivly sell you the same crap ! !its a real shame , so many idle hands there and its a very poor country .
bottom line , we travel alot , and will not go back to the dr .
places like jamaica , and bahamas etc seem to have more professional people in tourisim than in the dr . maybe they dont understand that your money is a major driver of their economy as the average dominican makes about $2500 per yer .
great night life we stayed at the melia caribe tropical from december 7th through december 17throyal servicei read a lot about royal service on this website and was ready to upgrade since many people wrote that they had a horrible time without upgrading .
the only thing i did not know was the price of the upgrade ( $70 a night per person ) which to me was outrageous .
why should i pay for room service , better beach and better rooms , things that in some other all inclusive resorts were standards .
i realized that it is the hotel 's way to make more money on picky tourists .
i heard many families who have stayed at both , the royal service and the standard service , and said that upgrading is not worth the extra money .
the resort in generalit is huge !
i know that everyone writes that in their review and i read plenty of them before leaving for my vacation , but i stayed at large resorts before , but this is just way too big .
now i think i know why many people are not entirely happy with the resort .
it is so huge that it is just impossible to make everyone happy and truly manage the area .
it almost feels as if you are on your own .
the beach is just too far from the main lobby ( not 10 minutes , but more than 20minutes walking ) and the lobby too far from the beach , so you do tons of walking back and forth .
you have an option of taking the train/trolley to the lobby ( where most of the restaurants are ) but it just takes forever to come and then is extremely slow .
we would only take it when it rained out ( and it took us 30 minutes on the trolley to get to the lobby ) .
raindo not be surprised , it rains one minute and then it 's hot again it is the carribean and the weather is truly tropical . roomsrooms are fine with basic necessities ( i 've been to much better rooms that were called standards for the price ) but honestly we mostly just slept and bathed in the rooms .
it is the time to be out and not in ( otherwise just stay home and do not waste your money ) .even if it rains ( please take your umbrella as the hotel overcharges for everything and you will just waste your money ) you can relax in many of their lounges which are truly great , or go to the nearby mall to do some shopping or just walk around and kill time .
foodfood was pretty good .
the best was the lunch at the beach restaurant on the tropical side .
lots of choices and a nice view of the beach .
breakfasts were good too with amazing chocolate croissants .
please tip , one dollar goes a long way and although the resort claims that tips are included in the price , do you really believe them ?
we took $100 in singles and tipped one dollar after every meal .
rarely did we see other people tip at all .
one good tip : they serve drinks in tiny cups , so to save yourselves time , grab the styrofoam cups the hotel provides next to the ice machines scattered around the resort and ask the bartenders to fill them up with beer , soda etc .
because it is styrofam it stays cool longer and you can just chill without getting up longer as well .
nightlifethis resort has the best nightlife i 've seen anywhere .
they have great shows everyday , but the lounges are top notch , you feel like you are in a big metropolitan city in some nice club .
negatives - too much traffic .
if you are walking from the beach to the lobby there are only two or three main roads that you can take , on which cars pass by all the time , so you have to be careful and move aside .
the cars are pretty old and you end up inhaling more fumes that they produce than if you live in the city .
i truly was getting annoyed at this , and the hotel employees do not care at all that you are walking .
- cigarette smoke is just plain annoying .
most people who smoked at the resort were not considerate of others around them .
they smoked in your face at the pool , on the beach , in restaurants , lounges etc .
they did not care if there were kids around or not .
- prices - everyone tries to rip off tourists .
be careful as the prices vary greatly .
whatever price the seller offers offer at least half of it or less .
the product most likely is not even worth that .
otherwise walk away ( unless you are willing to spend the money ) . - time
shares - please just ignore them , they do this because of the incentive the hotel gives them ( for every presentation they receive $30 from the hotel per person and that is really a lot of money for them .
they are a huge annoyance at this resort and their booths so you have to walk by them no matter what since it the only way to get to the restaurants , bars and eventually your room .
they even got us on the beach , truly annoying .
- sales people - those are the owners of small souvenir shops by the beach .
they will wake you up if you are sleeping in your beach chair to give you their business card and drag you to their store .
if they succeed , they begin to rip you off by quoting outrageous prices .
taking a walk on the beach , you will probably encounter at least three or four people stopping you to lure you into their store .
- waitress service - this is one of the only resorts that does not have waitresses walking around the pool and the beach taking orders for drinks .
they do not even have a bar by the beach , so you have to walk all the way to the pool area to get a drink . .
it is really cheap .
saona islandthis is the best excursion we have ever been on .
the beach on that island is just truly amazing .
the most beautiful water i 've seen .
the island is not inhabited by anyone , no hotels are built there , and nature is preserved in its original form .
the speedboat ride to the island is amazing , a great experience .
you come back on the catamaran which is also real cool : - ) you are out on the trip for 13 hours .
we drove through higuey , a city close to punta cana where you are able to see how dominicans live .
do not expect peace and quiet !
so many kids , , , the resort was beautiful and the villa and room were quite nice .
the service was top of the line for the royal service guests .
i had heard some bad reviews about the food but honestly it was not that bad .
the mexican restaurant was fresh and delicious , you could skip the seafood and japanese all together .
nothing but good things to say about the gabi - royal service restaurant , breakfast , lunch and dinner buffet were top of the line .
my complaints are only about the placement of families and children .
with three days left to my trip the hotel placed a family of four next door to me , to say the noise level was about average would be a small understatement .
i would think that they would have an area for families with small children seperate from the adult guests .
i was under the impression from my travel agent that the resort , and the royal service area was geared more towards adults and couples .
the royal service pool area was crawling with children from open to close .
i enjoyed the resort over all but have had better experiences .
i honestly would try something else next time . . .
good quick getaway my husband and i stayed in early november for a four day anniversary trip .
here?? an overview of our experience : roomwe stayed in a royal service deluxe junior suite .
the floor and the bathroom were marble ( except for the tub ) .
the mattress was hard , but we slept fine .
the linens were okay , but there were some holes in the pillow and sheets that we noticed on our last night .
each morning , the rooms were made up , but the night turndown service was inconsistent .
one night we came home to a bottle of rum , candles and flowers on the bed and in the bathroom .
the other nights , nothing .
the room was clean , and housekeeping kept the bathroom stocked ( but took away all of the conditioner and put extra lotion in it?? place ) .
our refrigerator had complimentary beer , soda and water that was inconsistently refilled .
one issue with the room was that our travel agent had requested a king bed ? ? she had written ??elebrating anniversary? ? and
king bed , please? ? in all caps on our paperwork .
we were shown to our room , and found two double beds .
we asked to be moved , were told it would take an hour , and it actually took three .
we had left our luggage in the first room , so we couldn?? change out of our traveling clothes .
we gave ourselves a tour of the resort in the meantime . foodthere were a number of restaurants in the hotel , and with only three nights , we obviously didn?? get to all of them .
we tried to get some of the staff to tell us which to try , but they gave us a non - committal ??hey??e all good? ? answer .
we ate at the gabi restaurant , exclusively for royal service guests , each day for breakfast and lunch and the first night for dinnerbecause we couldn?? get a reservation due to our late arrival .
the food at dinner was ala carte and buffet , and my husband was happy to eat two appetizers and a dinner .
the food was decent ? ? not great , but not terrible .
the buffet breakfast and lunch were good .
we really enjoyed the dominican offerings ? ? the rice and beans were a different style each day , and the plantain dishes were tasty .
reservations could only be made a day in advance .
because we enjoyed the dominican food , we booked reservations at el guarapo .
the food was ??pscale? ? dominican , and it was not that impressive .
we were in and out of the restaurant in about 45 minutes , including appetizer , main course and dessert .
the food seemed pre - cooked , and came out very quickly .
there was a wedding in another part of the restaurant , so i don?? know if that contributed to the pace of the meal .
we weren?? done our first course before the next one came out .
our final night , we ate at capri , the seafood restaurant .
the food was better here , the kitchen was open , and they definitely prepared the food to order .
at the beach bars and pool bar in the royal service section , there were snacks offered throughout the day .
service/staffthe staff , for the most part , were accommodating and willing to help .
we had issues with our second room ? ? no robes , the tv remote didn?? work , our toilet ran ? ? that took over a day for them to attend to .
however , they were minor issues that were fixed .
the golf cart drivers always stopped to see if we wanted a ride ? ? we were located near the royal service lobby , and the walk to the beach was about 7 minutes , so we usually declined .
royal serviceit was a nice upgrade , as the beach and pool were never too crowded .
however , while not crowded with people , there were a lot of beach chairs crammed into the royal service beach area .
we??e early risers , and were at the beach before 9, so we never had a problem sitting where we wanted .
part of the royal service was supposed to include butler service ( we never saw a butler ) and a pillow menu ( didn?? see that , either ) .
the rs lobby did have a nice selection of alcohol after dinner where you could make your own drinks , as well as an espresso machine that was available all day . overallthis vacation served it?? purpose ? ? it was inexpensive , all - inclusive and got us a few days of sun .
i?? used to smaller resorts , so one with over 1000 rooms overwhelmed me a bit .
the grounds were well kept and there were turtles , herons ( or egrets ) and lots of anoles .
we had tiny little bugs in our bathroom , but nothing more scary than that . i speak basic spanish ( two years in high school a decade ago ) , and was fine with communicating .
most of the staff speaks english well , and there were other staff members who were communicating with the french and german speaking guests .
there was a large non - american guest population and a lot of topless sunbathing .
there was some seaweed in the water ? ? i don?? know if it was due to the tropical depression that went through the week prior or if it?? normally like that .
i wasn?? wowed by the resort , and do not know if i 'd go back , but it was a good quick getaway .
it was overwhelming our stay was oct 19 - 26thnegatives upon arrival at the hotel the guest ahead of us was having some sort of conflict with the desk clerk and his manager was very angry .
it was then our turn and he said your room is 3904 right here pointing to a map and we said ok ?
he said not a good room for $100.
more i can get you a better room .
my boss is mad at me and this will make him happy .
my husband wanting to have a more central location to the beach and pool , agreeded .
he was presented a plain white envelop to place the $100.00 in cash ! in the envelop .
this gave me a bad feeling .
in a foreign country , not knowing the layout of the hotel grounds ( new to us ) and then , this .
so we were then to proceed to the vacation club reps who set up a time tomorrow !
yeah right !
onto our room , dropped us off on the wrong end of the building but we found our way .
the room 3005 was average .
the maid service did not appear the next full day and had to be reported , the following day she came at 6pm while we were showering .
faces cloths are obtained by face to face communication only .
the bars were a long distance from the beach and you could not go to the one within the buffett unless you had a shirt and shoes !
no receptacles for smokers !
vacation club staff stalked you as much as possible !
the shows were poor at best .
attended one and that was enough .
the mesquitos were terrible and i had many welts on my legs and ankles .
no communtication with when vendors were coming .
postives the food was outstanding and no problem with reservations .
pools and beach were clean and bar service was very good at the ones we went to .
the casino  sports bar is small but fun we were amused for several hours .
the towel service was fine and no beach vendors .
the place is huge and takes a few days to understand the layout .
even then we did not get to the tropical side at all .
i will not be returning !
our experience at the melia caribe my girlfriend and i recently went to the melia caribe from sept 9th - 14th .
after reading numerous reviews ( and watching the weather channel prior to leaving ) , i have to say we were a bit nervous about our upcoming trip .
but hopefully this review will answer a few of your questions if you are headed to the resort and you will find it helpful .
i 'll try to cover as much as i can , so you are as informed as you can be . first off , i booked the trip through the hotel website ( solmelia . com ) .
sol melia resorts actually offers a low - price online guarantee , and booking was easy and not a problem .
the only thing you need to be aware of when booking through the hotel website is that they will not charge your credit card when you make your reservation ; they charge your card when you check into the hotel .
based on the reviews here on tripadvisor . com ,
we decided to get the royal service master suite . we flew out of atlanta to the dominican republic on delta airlines .
they offer flights twice a week , so your stay will typically be at least a few days . you 'll arrive at the dominican republic airport and you walk from the plane into the terminal .
you 'll have to wait in line as you enter the terminal because they take your picture and then on your flight out they have it up on the wall in case you want to buy it .
after you clear the photo op , you 'll have to open up your wallet or purse , and pay $10 per person for a tourist entry card .
it is completely meaningless - - - - not a visa or anything , but the dr is a poor country and charge everyone ten dollars just to get in . once you get your bags , you 'll be swarmed by baggage handlers who are very eager to grab your bags and take them to an awaiting taxi .
word of advice - - - carry your own bags .
it is only a short walk to the taxi areas and you do not know what can happen to your bags if you let someone else take them from you .
taxis are lined up outside the terminal .
do not accept a standard price from taxi drivers - - bargain them down .
most will take you to your resort for $20 ( they typically start at $25) .
the drive to the melia caribe is boring , so do not bother pulling out your camera .
once we arrived , we showed the baggage handler our reservation and he took us to the royal service lounge / reception area .
the staff in the royal service lounge is very nice .
they present you with drinks when you come in and immediately get you checked into your room .
at the lounge you are introduced to your personal butler , who takes care of everything from there .
our butler was pablo , and he was great for the duration of our stay .
your butler will drive you to your room , unload your baggage , show you how to work the safe , and then leave you alone to enjoy your vacation .
if you are looking for a great butler , ask for pablo . our room was nice , but the bed is not the most comfortable in the world .
it was not very supportive and actually slightly bowed in the middle .
the bathroom situation is pretty wierd ( as it is next to the shower and pretty much in view of the entire room ) , so if you are not comfortable with the bathroom habits of your wife/girlfriend/family member , you will be by the time you get done with your trip .
the jacuzzi in the master suite is nice , and your butler will get it filled up and ready to go by whatever time you like .
we had pablo take care of our jacuzzi tub twice during our stay and it was great .
i 'd recommend bringing a citronella candle that will last you the week ( or some bug spray ) because the mosquitos will be in your room every night if you do not have anything .
the maids clean your room every day and restock your fridge .
the room service menu is very limited .
they have a few sandwiches , small pizzas , and waters/sodas , and that is it .
so do not expect a full - blown menu . the royal service villas are right next to the gabi restaurant and the royal service pool .
the pool is great and is surprisingly very clean .
i actually swam around the pool with goggles and was pretty shocked to see how clean it was .
the pool is great and has plenty of private cabanas if you need some shade from the sun .
my girlfriend and i spent most of our time at the beach , which was awesome .
white sand beaches , clear turquoise water . . . . . it really did not get much better .
we had fantastic weather during the week we were there ( even though the weather channel forecasted rain all week ) .
the beach drink/wait staff was not too great , but they will give you towels , get your drinks , and for the most part they leave you alone .
beach activities are plentyful , but everything costs money ( even the so - called free activities ) .
we went snorkeling with sharks , and it was a great afternoon activity .
stick to the beach if you are looking for a relaxing time , with family or friends . up to this point i really have not had any complaints about the resort , and you 're probably wondering why i only gave the melia caribe three stars .
my biggest complaint is the food .
the restaurants are really sad in terms of selection , quality of food , and variation of menus .
even the gabi restaurant , which is supposed to be the best on on the resort , is pretty sad .
the service is very good , but the food just is not that great .
do not expect gourmet meals anywhere you go .
about the only restaurant that i even thought was ok was the mexican food restaurant , la hacienda .
drinks are also pretty bland/weak , with not much alcohol content .
the wine is not great either .
i actually felt bad because a lot of the waiters will actually ask you if they can do anything to make your dining experience better , but the quality of food is just sub - par . so overall , the experience that my girlfriend and i had at the melia caribe tropical was good .
it was a very relaxing vacation for the two of us and the resort is beautiful .
be prepared not to eat too well , and you 'll be just fine .
i hope this review helped you to plan your visit , and enjoy your trip !
disappointed in basic standard of resort , royal service a must arrived as a family of 6 people , including my mum , we were firstly met by a long wait a reception in the heat of the day .
we had 3 rooms virtually together which was good , the room decor and quality was just about adequate , not what you would expect from a 5* resort .
the ala 'carte resteraunts were great especially the capri , ( sea food ) la gondola ( italian ) , la pagoda ( thai ) .
whatch out for some of the bar staff at the main bar , they are always looking for the big tippers and can leave you waiting a while to be served .
the grounds were kept immaculate , and the little train runs regularly , the bell boys will always stop and give you a ride on their carts . some staff are not very fluent in english and we tried to speak spanish at our basic level , so communication can be difficult .
we decided to upgrade to royal service the last two days of our vacation and only wish we had done this from day one , the experience was totally different , this side was 5* and what we had expected from the normal standard room , we would return but only in royal service , the money they charge can be negociated on arrival .
had a nice time visited this property 8/27-8/30.
it was a nice place and it was very large .
be prepared to do some walking .
the grounds are beautiful and very well kept .
we were in room 4117 one of the buildings furthest from the beach/pool .
we were close to the lobby and restaurants which was nice . . . .just wish we were closer to beach .
there was a pool right outside our door which was for royal service only .
i was rather annoyed by this . . . . . .the pool was huge . . . not sure why it couldnt be for everyone since the pool we had to use was atleast a 15 minute walk .
( yes , there were trams too ) i could understand a special lobby , restaurant and other things for royal service . . . but not the pool .
the room was nice .
there were a few bugs in the room , but nothing to really complain about . . . . . we were in the caribbean after all .
when i say bugs i mean an occasional mosquito , teeny - tiny aunts around the bathroom sink , and a gnat or two .
( and i hate bugs ! ! ! ! ! )
there were slippers in the room which were nice .
robes were there too .
one of ours had a pretty nice sized hole in it .
we never could get the safe to work , which was also a little annoying .
upon check out they tried to charge us $6 for the safe .
when we told them we couldnt get it to work , they told us to sit and wait about 20min .
to get it taken care of . . . . . . . we opted not to mess with it and paid the $6. . . . .but it was rather frustrating . the restaurants were average .
breakfast buffet was good . we did the american grill one night and it was just ok . . . . . also did the mexican and it was a little better . room service was good too . . . .they had salads , chicken sandwiches , hamburgers , blt 's , pizza and other sandwiches .
there were a few desert items on the menu .
we asked for cookies which were not on the menu and they brought us several different kinds .
( those were just ok too . . . . . satisfied the sweet tooth ) we had access to a pillow menu which was nice .
they allowed 1 per person in the room .
lavendar/chamomille was nice .
you order your pillow each night .
for some reason the last night the pillow never came .
not sure what happened .
i really did not want to hassle with it so i never called . they have a really cool bar area and it is called the gabi ( sp ? ) nice relaxing seating with candles , scents , and music .
it was open air .
i could sit out there all night ! ! ! !preito tours was our ground handler . . . .they were great !
assisted our every need .
this country appeared to be hungry for money .
airport gifts were highest ever as was the food .
i have not decided if i would go back or not .
the beaches are absolutely breathtaking ! ! ! ! ! ! !
that may be the only reason .
the proce was reasonable for what you got . one last thing . . . . . at the bar they have this shot called mamajauwana ( sp ? ) it is pretty gross .
do not do it .
it burns your throat ! ! ! ! : ) have fun !
better than i thought i booked my trip , then read many reviews and got a bit worried , but it was better than i thought .
many things were true , check - in very slow , the lobby was pretty , but very warm , dinner reservations were annoying to get .
we ate at every resturant we wanted to , including japanese , but someone needed to be on the phone at 9:00, it took us anywhere between 5-40 minutes for someone to answer the phone .
we waited by the lobby phone at 8:45 and i got an answer i handed to the phone to the next person in line .
it was annoying to spend so much time on the phone , but we met many nice people in the same situation .
our room was ok , we did get clean towels and water and soda .
i left the maid $1 and a little gift ( perfume , lipstick ) every day .
the room did smell musty , i brought an air fresher from home .
the ac was very weak , and i felt the floor was dirty .
i was happy not to find any bugs ! the beach was beautiful , a few twigs , but not a bother .
the dominican people were nice , we did tip alot , because we wanted to tip .
did not really have a language problem , took along a spanish dictionary , but never used it . the grounds were pretty and well kept .
the food was better than i imaged .
we ate breakfast indoors , which we liked , not as warm , no bugs , less crowded , you get seated .
all resturants were good , american grill , french , international .
i did not care for the capri , thought it smelled fishy and food tasted fishy .
japanese was nice , you eat with 12 at a table , and it was nice to talk to other people .
fried ice cream was great !
entertainment was bad , it was outdoors and hot .
it reminded of a child 's dance recital .
on a whole we had a great time , it does take a day or two to get used to the place , taking the train and finding where everything is located .
we avoided the time share people , but we spoke to people who took the tour and yes , it was a lot longer than promised and they were pushy , but you did get a gift .
finally , we were 6 people and no one got sick !
some good , some not so good we went there for our 25th wedding anniversary and we had mostly a great time , but , there 's always a but !
but i will not go back there for a vacation again .
first the resort is way to big , we 've stayed at smaller resorts and they are much more appealing .
the food was actually quite good but getting a reservation at an ala carte is very difficult .
you have to start calling at 9pm and really ca not get through for at least 1/2 hour unless your lucky and by then all the good times are taken .
we had much better luck and a lot less time dialing at 2:30 the day of the reservation and got mostly what we wanted .
men must wear shoes that are actually shoes and not sandals even if they are closed toe and heel .
the beach quite nice and breezy which really is needed because it is way too hot there in june .
do request to have a room by the pool and beach because you ca not walk to the pool and beach during the day much to hot and humid and the train is slow and spews out all this toxic exhaust .
much nicer to walk to dinner and back at night when it is a little cooler .
check in was really as painful as it get 's , i do not think ever met people as unaccommodating as them .
first day they checked us into a room by the lobby with 2 single beds and said they could not switch us even though they switched us from our original rooms that were scratched out by pen right in front of us .
i think i spent 2 hours the first day trying to get a decent room and then 2 hours the second day getting a decent room and then 2 hours after that waiting for the bell boys to switch our luggage .
then they checked us into a room that had a welcome honeymoon package for another couple and then we received their welcome bottle of rum and fruit tray .
needless to say we were then afraid that the honeymoon couple were going to also be checked into our new room which actually was quite nice .
the week then went quite well until the traveller 's diarrhea hit , and you can get quite dehydrated quickly in that extreme heat .
i will not return to this resort , we previously stayed at the riu properties in the dominican which i would return to and the beach is much nicer there .
i think i will stick to canada in the summer and will go south in the winter only .
the good , the bad and the ugly we have just returned from a stay at the melia from june 24- july 1.
we were a group of 10 and had a great time in spite of the melia .
check in was frustrating because we tried to get 4 rooms close together and close to the beach and pool .
we had two rooms in building 10 and two rooms in building 12.
both were perfect locations and we were pleased with that .
the rooms were average but the main problem was the air conditioning .
it did not work great and was very rarely confortable in the room .
also it was a great tip to put a card in the slot to keep air conditioning running while out of the room but be aware that on the rare occasion that maid service comes in they will pull the card out and turn off the ac .
in the week that we were there we only had maid service 3 times and the third time my husband had to call the supervisor to get it .
if they do come they take the towels and dont leave new ones .
of course you wont know this until you get out of the shower !
one day we started calling for towels at 4:00 and were still calling at 12:00a . m until they were finally delivered .
the service was horrible ! ! ! ! ! !
not only was maid service bad but the service in the restaurants was very slow .
one night in the american grill we waited 2 hours for a hamburger .
i feel the service everywhere in the resort left alot to be desired .
the food was pretty good and the buffets had something for everyone .
at night we ate at the ala carte rest .
and they were pretty good .
the japanese was the best food .
we were so hot we started picking restaurants with the best air conditioning ( the dominican rest . )
it is so hot this time of year so we were in the water all day .
the beach and pool we beautiful with plenty of chairs .
we did get up early to get a hut on the beach - they are all gone by 7:00 a . m .
it is really beautiful that time of the day so we didnt mind .
the non motorized water sports like the bikes were free of charge but had to make a reservation .
my son took a windsurfing lesson for $25.00 and was told that was the only charge and he would be able to use it free for the rest of the week .
not true - $5.00 waiver fee every time used .
the resort was beautiful but too large for our taste .
we were lucky that our rooms were close to everything but i really felt sorry for the people who had to take a train just to get to the pool , beach or restaurants .
the main lobby and bar areas were very pretty but it was so hot and there were no fans that they were hard to enjoy the casino served its purpose and provided us with lots of fun and a cool place to have a drink . overall we had a great time and thought the place was beautiful .
we would not go back because of the service and the extremely large size of the resort . helpful hints for travel : luggage can only weigh 50 lbs ( did not know this and was shifting weight in my suitcases at the check in counter ) also , if you buy mamajuana ( a local drink ) to bring home buy the already mixed kind not just the bottle with the herbs and roots in it ( you will see what i mean when you get there ) .
they will not let you through customs unless already mixed .
lovely place , but prob .
not going back hello all . we stayed at the melia caribe tropical for 6 days from 4/20 to 4/25.
i 'll try to write an objective review despite the fact that my husband and i are still sick with traveler 's gastric issues after being home for four days .
this has never happened in our travels and we 've been to several countries/islands in the last 8 years .
we also had a petty theft ( and we live in nyc and have never been robbed ) and we did not have great weather .
i 'll also try to write a thorough review as i have appreciated the time other travelers have taken to inform me in the past .
i 've posted this with headings so if you 're not interested you can skip over some parts . arrivalthe arrival at punta cana airport was unremarkable and similar to other 's reports .
we purchased a $10.00 tourist card and then stood in a long line to hand it over to someone a few feet away who also stamps your passport .
i recommend one of you get in the line for the tourist card and the other start to wait in the custom 's line to save time .
the airport is charming , open construction with thatched roof .
there is no jet way you walk to the main terminal after descending the stairs from the plane . the airport is very clean and simple and there is the steady beat of island drums and costume - clad young girls to welcome you to the facility . transferwe had pre - booked a roundtrip transfer with our trip and we found the booth quickly and were escorted to a modern , clean van .
it was extremely humid that day and they put the ac on quickly for us .
we got to the hotel in about 20 minutes or so . check - ini took note from someone else on these boards and visibly placed a $5.00 bill on top of my reservation papers on the counter when i spoke to the front desk clerk .
my intention was to have a room near the pool and beach since that was our primary reason for visiting .
at first he gave us a room near the lobby/restaurants but i asked him to look again .
he did and gave us an ideal location ( building 27) that is near the caribe beach , pool and one of the beach grills .
he smiled as i slid the $5.00 bill over to him after he assigned us a good location .
we were greeted immediately with cold beer and fruit punch upon check - in . a young woman approached us under the guise of welcoming us to the resort and insisted we would receive a welcome package and gift by visiting a desk just past the check - in .
she walked with us a bit and was very charming .
when i realized that we were being escorted to the time share desk we politely declined and wished them a nice day and walked away towards our room . the time share sales people were certainly present often through our visit , but we found that by simply raising our hand and smiling no that they did not press us .
it was not as irritating as i feared it would be by reading some of the previous reviews . roomwe had a deluxe junior suite which was fine .
the room was very clean , a decent size with a small couch , lounge chair , desk and coffee table .
the ac worked very well , the decor was tasteful and fresh and we had a little terrace overlooking a garden area .
the bathroom is fairly large and has a bidet .
the tub is pretty high which could be tricky for a senior citizen or a short person like me .
: ) we were given a bottle of rum and some little soaps and a heart - shaped candle the first two days of our visit . we paid the $2.00 a day to use the safe .
i found it necessary to actually place a reminder paper note over the spigot in the sink because after a night out or when you 're tired it could be asy to brush your teeth with the water or drink from it accidently .
the room did have a strong musty smell - -but there was no mold anywhere .
i brought some spray perfume and sprayed when we got there .
i have asthma and was worried about the mold - -but i had not problems - -although i took precautions by using my inhalers for a week before the trip . getting aroundit was very humid for most of our stay and although we 're typically very big on walking , we found ourselves taking the little train around the resort most of the time .
the cobblestones were not comfortable to walk on - -even with rubber soled shoes and when they are wet they are extremely slippery .
the train came often and it was fun at first .
it was a nice chance to chat with others at the resort and learn about their stay and recommendations .
it can be a little confusing at first to figure out where you 're going - -but someone on the train always knows and can tell you .
sometimes we 'd just ask the train driver before we got on how many stops to ___ and they 'd usually be able to communicate that to us . several times we got picked up at the little train stop by some of the royal service guys on the golf carts .
when they 're not busy shuttling people they randomly stop and ask if you want a ride .
they were always good spirited and sweet and we tipped them a buck or so . foodwe 're foodies who live in nyc and we tried to mentally adjust to prepare for okay food .
the food would be comporable in our opinion to lower level catering food - -with a couple exceptions that were better .
for example , the japanese restaurant - -which was fine .
there was no great food to be had anywhere and we did not really expect that .
( the pizza at the beach grill was pretty good ) the a la carte restaurants were really pretty - -lots of ambience and beautiful architecture .
they really have so much of this right except for much of the food is overcooked or tough and the sauces are either bland or sugary .
i really think if they get the right food manager in this place it could make a huge difference .
the menu is fairly sophisticated and the presentation is nice .
the service was fine - -the wait staff were extremely sweet and were working their butts off to keep everyone happy .
i was dismayed to see many people not leaving any tips for them at all .
we felt that $2-3 for a dinner was not a lot to us but cumulatively could mean a lot for these hard - working people .
good karma ! the buffets were where we suspect we got sick .
the food is left out in open air - -not air conditioned and it 's just a stomach issue waiting to happen .
we tried to choose the things that were being made fresh - -omlettes , pizza , etc .
but something got us good .
we drank the bottled water , etc . but by day 2 my husband was sick and by day 3 i was sick .
we spoke with several other people during our stay who had the same issue .
this and the size of the resort would be the reason we would not return .
we realize this could happen anywhere - -but when we spoke to others with the same issue - -it made us think twice .
if resorts like this want to attract more of the american market , they 're going to have to take far greater steps for precautions against traveler 's illness - -much like mexico has accomplished in their tourist districts . we lost our appetite and felt somewhat lethargic and it really took a lot away from our trip .
and we 're the glass is half full type people . getting reservations at the a la carte was a bit of a pain in the butt . . . it takes about 20 minutes to get through to the reservations line .
however , we do not mind eating late and were able to get 9 pm reservations where we wanted to go on most nights . pool and beachwe were on the caribe side ( and yes there are more children on the tropical side ) and the pool is truly fantastic .
we gained from the wisdom of some of the people who posted on ta and we brought 2 rafts from the dollar store and insulated mugs .
they were a great addition to our vacation .
the swim up bar is fun .
sometimes the music was a bit loud when i wanted some peace and quiet but mostly it was fine . we got our room key and $30 stolen from our bag which was hidden under a beach towel by our lounge chair .
every other day my husband kept the cash and key in his bathing suit pocket .
that one day he wore a suit with no pocket .
the hotel manager came to us to give us new reprogrammed keys .
he was polite but not apologetic and suggested it was another hotel guest as opposed to his staff .
i found that comment odd since we had not accused any of his staff to begin with .
however , it was not a big loss and we shrugged it off as bad judgement on our part and we were more careful from then on .
in the us , we would have expected a small gesture by the manager to make us feel better about the incident - -i 'm not sure what that would be in an all - inclusive , but i 'm sure there 's something small .
it 's no biggie , though . there were not too many children when we were there .
we made sure we booked after spring break .
yes , there were kids ( we love kids but this was an adult vacation for us ) and yet the pool was plenty large enough to find some space away from them .
we didnt find there were too many children to detract from a romantic vacation at all . the best hotel pool i 've ever been in . the beach is gorgeous .
yes there were some days with more seaweed than others but the water was clean and beautiful and the sand was the softest powdery sand ever .
casinothe casino is tiny and very old fashioned .
if you 're looking for a sleek vegas experience , you 'll surely get a chuckle from this place .
but we had a blast there - -we met some interesting people at the caribbean stud table and laughed and even won a bit . this was the only part of the casinos where the employees seemed kind of miserable . the slots are very old - -they do not take bills .
even though it 's tiny . . . lots of people were laughing and having fun . size of the resorti did not really understand what people were complaining about when i read the reviews before coming .
i couldnt understand why the size of the resort could matter .
for us , i think we prefer a smaller resort .
( we loved the marriott in curacao , for instance . )it
felt a bit like a chore to get around - -either walking or taking a train .
the train was sweet but it got a little old after day 2 and you just wanted to walk out of your room and be within a short walk to dinner or the casino , etc .
i was surprised we did not feel like walking much because we walk a great deal in nyc - -however , i failed to factor in the humidity and heat which makes walking less fun .
we felt like we spent a lot of time just getting around .
the grounds are beautiful , though .
it feels as though you 're driving through a lovely well - landscaped condo neighborhood on the little train . general misc stuff : we found the service to be good .
yes , there was a language barrier and why would not there be ?
we 're in their country , not ours .
i brought a tiny spanish/english dictionary with me and found it helped on several occasions - -leaving notes for maid , etc . the staff really appreciated the effort to use a couple of spanish words here and there and they smiled .
the language issue was not a major obstacle at this resort in our opinion . wear comfy shoes or put your sexy shoes in a little tote bag and slip off your flip flops and put them on once you reach the restaurant or casino lobby , etc . bring immodium !
( a whole box if you 'll be there awhile or you are a big family . )
bring 50 spf sunscreen .
yes , 50!
we both tanned right through 50 spf .
we got down to 30 and then on the last day i wore 15 and it was overcast and i got quite burned . it rained every day we were there for some period of time .
we had 2 days that were mostly sunny .
we realized we were taking a chance booking in late april since it 's the shoulder of the rainy season .
i would recommend booking from january to march .
the locals confirmed that . the lobby bathrooms are gorgeous - -there 's one that 's like a museum - -with ceramic vases on pedastals and a fountain in the middle of the room . felix the bartender at the tropical lobby bar is very entertaining and fun .
tell him you read about him on ta .
he kinda likes that . the nightly shows are very silly and barely watchable . we took a cab one night to the princess towers casino - -which is about 4 times the size of the one at melia - -not worth the trip , in our opinion .
only if you 're really antsy to go somewhere else . make sure you get a cab booked from the hotel - -do not take gypsy cabs locally if you leave the property . the crowd at the hotel was a down to earth group .
we liked that and thought it was fun - - this is not a pretentious kind of place .
this is regular middle class folks with some yuppies thrown in and a handful of affluent vip types .
if you 're looking for a scene - -e . g ,
the hottest babes or guys , the prada shoes , the see and be seen group - -this is not the place . if you 're looking for nice middle class families and couples mostly from canada , us , europe ( france and germany , i think ) you would feel comfortable with this group . do not worry if you 're a couple lbs overweight - -nobody at the pool will notice .
because of the faux cobble stoned paths , women wore sundresses or capris with flip flops or sandals at night .
very few women in heels because it 's so slippery , etc . hope this review helps you with your travel plans . be well !
