disappointing considering the rave reviews i was really looking forward to my stay at the casablanca as it was reviewed as the top hotel in new york on trip advisor .
perhaps i have just been fortunate enough to have stayed in some amazing hotels but this was certainly not one of them .
the bill for two nights was over ?700 ( more than the flights from london ) .
yes the staff were friendly but everything else was decidedly average .
the wine and cheese reception was disappointing - note to the hotel not everyone likes chardonnay ! the cheese could have at least come from a proper deli not the local supermarket and phili cream cheese in little tubs for breakfast really was quite insulting especially to new yorkers who pride themselves on great bagels ! i would save your money and stay somewhere else .
not worth the money only stay here if you can get a room for under $300 usd .
i have found many great hotels around the world because of the reviews on tripadvisor .
this is the first time i have not agreed with the majority .
the service at the hotel is apparently not what it used to be .
i booked the hotel for a weekend for my parents .
i wanted to pay for their stay and stopped by the hotel ( i live in nyc ) a few days before and left my credit card info .
the clerk at the desk assured me that all would be billed to my card and most importantly , that my parents would not see the bill .
he even said he would make a note on the reservation that they were not to see how much the rooms were .
well , i saw my mom after their stay and she handed me the bill which she was asked to sign that included the charges for the room .
: - (the first room they were given on the 3rd floor had garbage left in it and imprints in the bed from where someone had been lying on it .
my folks called the front desk and the manager asked what would you like to do ?
what kind of question is that ?
my mom said she was not happy about sleeping in a bed someone had already laid in so they offered them a new room .
that should have been the first thing out of the manger 's mouth , not what do you want to do ? .
the room they were given on the 6th floor was small and a bit worn around the edges .
they were also promised a bottle of champagne on the second night for my father 's birthday which never arrived .
my parent 's called the front desk who proceeded to question whether they were telling the truth or not about the missing champagne . the area around the hotel is under heavy construction so make sure to ask for a quiet room .
this was at least a request that the staff at the casablanca honored for us .
be warned> very slow internet ( ! ) great location , clean  comfortable room with a nice morroccan theme .
big bathroom and closet were a plus .
however , one big drawback . . . internet connection on my floor (6f ) was exasperatingly slow , and i had to come down to the lounge on the 2nd floor for a reasonable speed .
overall , great hotel for pleasure , but stay away from casablanca hotel if you 'll be in nyc on business .
not a peaceful haven by any means we stayed here over the weekend 5-9 september and were , to be frank , slightly disappointed but not surprised , having read some of the more objective reviews here and on other sites .
yes the hotel is conveniently located but it 's far from peaceful .
although we were upgraded to a king suite this was street facing and incredibly noisy so be warned if you get a room at the front it will not be an oasis , there are construction sites more or less opposite where they work all night and the traffic is incessant - on the plus side the air conditioning units are so loud they will drown out any external noise .
the rooms are not soundproof as they advertise , but our room was spacious , very clean and comfortable .
however we had virtually no sleep for 4 nights .
as others have said , rick 's cafe is very nice but lacks enough tables for breakfast , there are only 4 ( not really enough for 48 rooms ) where you can sit normally otherwise you need to have your breakfast sitting on settees or low chairs or get down early before the business people with their laptops monopolise these tables .
the wine and cheese in the evening and all day pastries and drinks are a welcome touch and the staff in there are kind and polite .
i 'd also echo some others comments about the reception staff , helpful - to a point but not overly so . we ate in the associated toni di napoli restaurant one night but unless you and your partner ( s ) want the same dish avoid it ; they only serve ( indifferent ) food for 2 or 3 people , they would not even prepare a single side salad ? ? it 's basically a family fast - food place with abrasive staff .
walk a few blocks and there are much better places to eat .
all in all , $2000 dollars ( including taxes ) for 4 nights at a standard room rate even though we were upgraded , is not value for money in this hotel and i 'm sure as others have stated there are probably much better options .
the minus points outweigh any good points and we would not return .
read all trip advisor comments about this hotel - it 's easy to get carried away with the effusive ??eaceful haven? ? impression that some convey .
not sure if it is #1 we stayed at the casablanca for an anniversary long weekend in february .
we loved the hotel - had booked through orbitz , which had said king or queen bed .
we were shown our room - very small and a small queen bed .
said no kings were available .
no view .
the pillows were nice , but the bed was extremely hard - felt like i had been at a slumber party and slept on the floor .
you could feel the springs !
after the 2nd night , we asked to be released from our reservations because the bed was so bad .
bedspread was stained ( ugh ) and the tub and sink drained slow ( clogged ? ) .
they did release us without penalty and were extremely nice .
we really liked the wine/cheese reception and the breakfast .
the living area was very nice .
loved the location .
we were told that because we booked through orbitz we could not change rooms .
this does not seem right - we really wished we could have completed our vacation there .
i guess we expected a bit more given the hotel 's extremely high ranking on tripadvisor .
we wanted to pass this along .
we have stayed at several hotels in nyc and would have liked this one the best if we could have only changed rooms and had more comfortable beds .
we might try to stay here again - but will book directly through the hotel as to ensure the larger and hopefully more comfortable bed .
good , but great ?
we booked our stay for the thanksgiving week 8 months ago .
it 's was the least expensive hotel close to the parade route .
the service is fine , and the lounge is great ( we saved a fortune on breakfasts and two nights we turned our crackers and cheese into dinner ! ) .
but we were staying at the front of the hotel in a king suite ( room 502) and we found the noise unbearable .
if you 're a light sleeper opt for a room in the back - - with all the sight seeing to do in new york city , a good night 's sleep is essential and we would have appreciated someone advising us about the noise upon booking .
( the beds were very comfortable , however ) .i was not surprised by the size of the rooms as i had read about them on this website .
we had a king suite , but the room was so overstuffed with unnecessary furniture ( why do i need a table for two in my bedroom ? ) that we had to get very creative even to pull the sofa bed out for our daughter .
we wound up removing the glass from the coffee table and propping it up by the wall and putting the metal base on end in a corner . we were given mis - information about the parade from a staff member ( he did not even know what street it came down - - thankfully we had done enough research of our own to know better ) , and we also had to have a very unfriendly staff member unclog our toilet - - it was kind of an embarrasing call to make and a more congenial attitude or a sense of humor would have been appreciated . all and all , casablanca was nice , but not exceptional and for $459.00 a night , i expect exceptional .
good but not my no 1!
we booked the casablanca on the strength of the reviews on trip advisor .
we booked the super deluxe room .
we arrive d late after an afternoon flight from the uk .
our room was at the front of the hotel , seemed incredibly small and very noisy - we mentioned to the front desk on our way out to a late dinner and they suggested we closed the window in front of the air conditioning unit !
we realised on our return from dinner that the casablanca is surrounded by a huge construction site - we suffered this later as our sleep was constantly interrupted by the sound of trucks reversing into the construction site . .
we spoke to the front desk the next morning and they agreed to move us to the back of the hotel .
a quieter room ( altho the air con still very noisy ) but no bigger and the bed squishy with cheap linen . the big positives are the really friendly staff and ricks cafe where you can grab a simple breakfast or return after a hards days sightseeing for coffee/tea and cookies or the highlight of the day - cheese and wine from 5.00pm to 8.00pm . not enough though to make me return to the casablanca on our next trip . have to mention the fantastic experience we had flying silverjet from the uk to newark - the service far exceeds anything ever experienced on ba club class or virgin upper class .
the best airline food ever !
i only ever want to fly silverjet in the future - shame they only go to new york and dubai .
definitely not a 5 star hotel . . .
you know what they say , everyone has an opinion . . .
in mine , this is no more than a 3 star hotel .
i had high expectations that were not met .
the good and bad : yes , the hotel is close to time square ( not necessarily a good thing ) , yes it is cute and quaint , yes they have complimentary breakfast and snacks through the day ( the russian ?
woman who works in the lounge area was very nice ) . . . but , the bed ( king ) was not very comfortable , the room was dark , the tv reception was aweful .
we stayed for five nights , the second day i asked if the tv reception was bad in every room and i was told yes with no further explanation .
the thing that i disliked the most was the front desk employees/doorman seemed to stare at us without saying hello ( day and night staff ) and when we checked out they did not ask how our stay was . . . definitely not worth $300 a night !
i would not stay at this hotel again .
dont over stay your welcome !
stayed here for 3 nights which was excellent staff very friendly - excellent service .
we then left and went to dc for 4 nights .
our return experience was totaly different .
on the day we were checking out we had an evening flight back to the uk and wanted to change our clothes and have a wash .
the staff were not happy about this , they came in the bathroom to check what i was doing they were constantly watching us .
we felt they wanted to make sure we did not have the wine and nibbles served in the evening , since we were no longer guests .
there was an obvious atmosphere .
this appears very petty for a hotel which prides itself on its level of service .
when i left i said goodbye to the reception no reply - the gentleman did not look up from his computer at the front desk .
they made us feel most unwelcome and would not recommend this hotel , the service is not genuine .
look for another botique hotel .
one annoying problem the casablanca is in a convenient location , is nicely decorated , well maintained , and the desk staff was very polite and helpful .
the free continental breakfast and wine and cheese in the afternoon were nice touches .
as noted in other reviews , the rooms are small .
however the chief problem was our bathroom .
not only was it small but it was very poorly laid out .
the toilet was so close to the wall in front of it that it was extremely awkward to use .
this problem was much more annoying than it may sound , especially since the casablanca is not cheap , and we would hesitate before staying here again .
falling out of love . . .
we were initially captivated when we found this hotel two years ago .
despite the small rooms , everything was impeccible and we were treated , as the staff liked to say , like family .
this last visit made us feel like oustead relatives however .
the refreshment bar was always empty , the staff did not go above and beyond as we were used to , and an early morning power washing outside blew out the side of our ac unit , soaking everything in sight .
i reported this to the front desk , as well as in a follow up letter to the manager , and never got any sort of satisfactory response .
the only thing i can surmise is that , as one of the bellman confessed , they are just so busy all the time , some of that personal touch has definately been lost .
we go to nyc at least once a month and have not been back to the casablanca .
we have found bigger rooms and better service at cheaper prices .
no sleep and a vacation ruined .
the staff did their best to accomodate us .
the rooms are very small . that i could live with .
there are no drawers in the room .
that i couldlive with .
the television had terrible reception on the main stations . that
i could live with .
the air conditioners are in the windows , so the noise from the streetis very loud in the room .
the mattresses seem the cheapestfor an actual brand .
very , very hard and the pillows are small and alsohard . i had to keep the air conditioner on because the radiator was on and itwas almost 65 degrees outside .
the staff did send up two blankets toput under the sheets .
i went to macy 's and purchased some pillows .
try to have fun on a vacation in wonderful new york without sleep ! i sent an email to the hotel about the problem and never received a response .
so , here 's my most honest review of the casablanca hotel , in my most favorite city in the world .
ok , but spoilt by officious service in restaurant and rude concierge we booked two nights in the chancellor on the strength of trip adviser reviews .
the check - in desk people and bell help were both great , and it was good to have tea and coffee .
the room was smaller than the hilton , but comfortable . however , the waitress in the restaurant for breakfast was extremely officious and and the concierge was no help at all - she seemed to just want us to go away .
this we did and went back to use the wonderful concierge service in the hilton from which we had just moved . overall , we preferred the hilton .
not impressed we stayed 4 nights in beautiful san francisco in april 2007.
we were scheduled to stay at the cancellor hotel for the entire trip .
however , we decided to only stay for 1 night .
the rooms were terribly small for the rates .
in this case , we were basically paying for the location .
their website was much nicer than the reality .
the best thing about the hotel were the cookies at the front desk .
you get what you pay for !
we stayed here due to the great rate being offered and the favorable comments on tripadvisor .
this was not a terrible hotel and our room was certainly clean and serviceable but it was not a deal .
the rooms are small and the hotel is being renovated to some degree but on our floor the carpet was in bad shape .
elevators are limited and the breakfast offering was almost non - existant .
( coffee and cookies ) .
the location is great - -half block off union square but the cable car tracks run past the hotel and that means that there is no double parking to unload and they have very limited curb space in front of the hotel .
( my wife drove around blocks while i got us checked in without luggage and then the bellman drove our car around while we went up to put the luggage in our room . )there
are many nicer hotels in the area for slightly more money .
ok , other than the welcome arrived after driving rv from yosemite to oakland then shuttle round san francisco before reaching hotel , so , less than relaxed .
desk clerk more businesslike than welcoming , the only part of registration that stuck in my memory was the stricture that i would be charged a fee if i allowed the bath to overflow , a point requiring my signature on the reg .
have baths with overflow outlets not reached the west coast ?
found our room to be overlooking the street and on 2nd floor , should have asked for another but did not .
room itself was nice , reasonable size  clean , but no coffee or tea making facility  no bottled water .
noise on first night - revellers outside from 1:40am onwards - kept me awake .
i know it 's a city centre hotel  some noise inevitable but not much attempt made to minimise same , eg . , double - glazing is aimed at heat retention rather than noise reduction .
for second night we had purchased ear - plugs , very fortunately as they really diminished the noise from the road - works taking place outside overnight .
position of hotel very good , all facilities within a few minutes walk .
would not return to this hotel if certain others in area were available .
iffy . . . . well , i am not sure if i really liked or did not like this hotel .
there were good things and bad things . .goodlocation is great !
we were close to so many great things and the trolley stop in right out front .
staff - they were nice .
bathrooms were very clean ! bad - paper thin walls .
i heard everything my neighbor said .
it was awful . bed - hard as rock .
i actually woke up with a backache . overall impression of the hotel could be better .
the rooms are very very tiny and they def need to redo the hotel .
the decorations , carpet and bedspreads are old and shabby .
carpet looks dirty .
if you are sharing a room with someone you do not know , get two rooms .
i felt like i was back in college in my dorm room . . . ask for a room in the back of the hotel or high up .
you can hear everything on the street . . .
if you are looking for a hotel that is inexpensive , close to the sights and just want to drop your stuff off and go - this is the place .
just bring earpplugs and expect to feel very close to the person you are sharing a room with .
disappointment this was our second stay at the chancellor .
our first visit having been enjoyable we opted for the chancellor again .
this time rooms were shabby with a feature of one being taped down flooring .
service was poor . with
reception staff given to sharing private jokes while attending to guests . we were eventually given rooms of a slightly better standard and went on to enjoy the chancellor 's best feature . . . its location .
it is unbeatable .
not included in my criticism of staff is the lady in the foyer kiosk .
want to know anything about san francisco ?
. . .and the maintainance man who told us all about the history of the hotel and in particular the old cocktail bar . he also showed us round it .
never again we spent two nights at the chancellor .
the location was great for us - but the hotel was not what i expected after all the great reviews on this web site , which is what i used to make a decision about which hotel to stay at .
the rooms are awful .
small is not the only problem .
the people are friendly , but i need more than that from a hotel .
i would not choose this hotel again .
also , they tried to put through a hold on my card for expenses that was higher than any other hotel i 've stayed at did under the same conditions .
we were pre - paid for two nights , taxes included , so i ca not figure that one out .
they said it was computer generated ?
never happened to me before , and i would never stay here again .
nice location , shame about the room this hotel has such a great location it 's difficult to really consider other faults , but i had a few during my stay which are worth mentioning . firstly i arrived during the penalty shoot - out of the france - italy world cup final .
despite the cheery greeting by reception there was no offer for help with luggage at all .
they must love their soccer ! secondly the room was a bunker .
it was located on the second floor and so dark ( due to having a window overlooking a fire escape and surrounded by walls ) you needed to have the lights on during the day .
lastly room service was not available on the day i was there ( apparently only weds - sats only ! .overall great spot but shame about the other negative points .
grim stayed for 4 nights with my 14yr old son first week in april .
location is great for shops and cable cars run right past the hotel .
breakfast was fairly poor so we used some of the local eateries .
room was a bit on the small side and at the back of the hotel .
because it was on one of the lower floors we had to put up with the a/c units going on and off throughout the night on the low level rooftop outside of our room , sound insulation was pretty poor .
all in all i would not stay there again , and i 'm generally not too fussy .
some problems i was excited to stay at the chancellor hotel after reading all the reviews .
this hotel was certainly a bargain .
we were able to get it pretty cheap from priceline .
i always wonder if we get our hotel from such a website , does that indicate we will get a bad room ?
we were on the top floor with no view .
we saw the backs of builiding and ugly rooftops .
because we would be out of the hotel 90% of the time , i did not mind .
the front desk staff was very nice .
the door man helped us with our bags and was very courteous .
the hotel does not need a/c .
it was freezing in the middle of july and the fan does a fine job cooling you down .
with the windows open , however , you do hear garbage trucks and a lot of noise from the city ( trolleys gear up around 6 or 7 am ) .
we stopped downstairs to try to figure out how to get a trolley pass and we quickly found the reservation desk .
the woman behind the reservation desk was unreal .
i have never experienced such behavior .
she was taking a personal call while we were standing in front of her .
she actually put her hand over the phone and asked us what we needed , gave us a short answer and then went back to talking on the phone .
it was something you would see in a sitcom .
my husband got out money for a trolley pass and he stood there with the money out for over a minute while we listened to her telephone conversation .
so , we did not get the great treatment that it appears other reviewers received .
the trolleys were always full and after buying a 3- day pass to use them , we were very upset that we ended up walking the majority of the time .
we found out later that if we would have walked 2 blocks we would be picked up without a problem ( this is something the reservation desk should have told us ) parking is around $30.00 plus tax a day , which is another expenditure you will need to budget in .
we also had a problem with someone trying to get into our room around midnight on our second night .
i was happy to be checking out the next day and moving onto napa valley where it was quieter , where you do not need to pay for parking and everyone was very accomidating .
our stay at chancellor after reading all the positive reviews on the chancellor we decided to try it .
we signed up for the family suite package as we were traveling with a child .
our one main criticism that actually made us leave was that there were no appropriate channels on the tv for kids , no vcr and no way to hook one up .
i realize other people may not care about this but after a busy day of sightseeing , we like to relax and watch tv and we could not .
i was surprised that there was no disney channel or nick or cartoon network or any child friendly channel when they called it a family suite .
it was also a bit too noisy for us as there was a street performer just under our window .
we also had requested a refrigerator which was confirmed at least twice but when we got there we never got it .
we moved to the hyatt embarcadero which all around was a better fit for us .
not up to standards of a ritz this hotel while being a ritz carlton did not meet my expectations .
what sets a great hotel apart from a good hotel are the things that you do not see but come up and surprise you .
maybe its the economy but all the extras you expect from a ritz or four seasons were not there .
the staff is very friendly and will help with any situation but the overall feel was not great .
as this was our first stay , i asked many people who have been going there for many years , and almost all said what i felt and many said that they would not return .
the rooms are fine ( that is after we were moved from our room as there was mold under the windows and on the carpet . . . . . gross ) .
internet is very spotty .
what amazed us was that we were told that the hotel was full yet not all the restaurants were open .
be sure to book them ahead of time and stay far away from mare the seafood restaurant .
prices were very inflated as it is a ritz , but come on 18 for a pool side hot dog and 22 for a pool side ceasar salad with chicken ?
the magic question is would i return . . . . . . . . . .the answer is no .
travel professional gives the ritz san juan a thumbs down i work in the travel industry and have high standards for a hotel stay .
i booked the ritz in san juan at a travel industry rate for a stay pre - cruise . when we arrived at the hotel i asked if we could pay to upgrade to the concierge level as this room type was not available when i originally booked the room .
the front desk agent proceeds to pull out a laminated card and try and upsell us to various rooms .
it seemed a little tacky to me and she never really addressed what i had asked for which was the concierge level .
after the upsell speach , she ends up giving us an ocean view balcony room for free .
why waste my time if you are going to upgrade me anyway ?
when we get to the room , there is no promised pull - out couch for my son .
so i trek back down to the desk and go back to the same lady and she acts like i am lying about there not being any pull - out bed .
she has to call someone in the front office and confirm that i am lying ( i understand some spanish ) .
ends up that i am not lying about the bed and she moves us to a regular room .
so much for the free upgrade ! after finally getting a room , we headed to get some dinner .
we decide to head to the pool bar and arrive a little after 6pm .
we ask the server for a menu and she tells they closed at 6pm .
the only other restaurants available were not kid - friendly so we are forced to go to our room for dinner .
what a shame that over the thanksgiving holiday week at a hotel full of kids that they could not open the pool bar area longer ! we get to the room and i am trying to entertain my son while we wait for dinner to come to the room .
( instead of us being able to swim and wait for dinner . . . ) of course , the tv remote does not work .
it took over an hour for the replacement remote to arrive !
that is poor customer service ! after a long day of travel we were ready for a good night 's sleep .
good luck with that at the ritz in san juan .
we were in room 742.
something in the ac made a loud bang every once in awhile .
the bed was less than stellar .
it had a hump in the middle and something made your feet go upwards at the end of the bed .
horrible ! with this said , the ritz in san juan has lovely public spaces .
the pool is beautiful and my son thought the spitting lions were great fun .
i tried out the fitness center and it was nice . we have yet to find a hotel in san juan that we really like but we 'll keep looking .
substandard , overpriced my wife and i stayed here for several nights .
our room on the fifth floor was small with nothing in particular to suggest any luxury except a full length mirror partially concealed by one of the beds .
the room had a bad smell which on the last day we finally determined was coming from the mattresses .
the room was equipped with fairly standard appliances , coffee maker , iron , and hair dryer .
the tv was a modest flat screen tv .
the bathroom had one sink .
the toilet was in a separate small room with a wall phone next to it for some reason .
there was a minibar which was wildly overpriced .
a can of coke cost $3.50. there is a large pool in back with extensive landscaping .
beyond the pool , a door takes you to the beach .
the beach seemed clean but otherwise nothing special .
the restaurants in the hotel seemed very expensive .
we had planned to try the casual one but found it inexplicably closed .
there are other restaurants within walking distance of varying quality and cost .
the ones in hotels are invariably overpriced .
probably the best bet bet is the metropol restaurant across the street .
there is little to see or do at this location .
there is a cockfighting arena across the street and that is about it .
a taxi to old san juan costs about $42 roundtrip without tips but offers considerably more nightlife than isla verde .
we went into the rather dreary casino at the ritz but only to use the atm . excursions from the hotel are handled by castillo tours which has a small office there .
we tried the catamaran snorkel trip .
perhaps because there were only 5 people booked , we were driven to fajardo , the hopping off point for the trip , and unceremoniously dumped on the boat of a totally different tour operator who operated on the cheap .
for example , while we were told that we would receive brand new snorkels we could keep , the snorkels used were old and well worn , held onto the masks by rubber bands and when one woman asked if she could keep hers , she was told a firm 'no '.
we were offered no explanation or apology from castillo tours .
it is rare to encounter this kind of dishonesty but despite the convenience of having the tour operater in the hotel , i would strongly suggest booking elsewhere . the hotel seems to be significantly overpriced .
our room had problems which would have been a concern at any price .
beyond the public areas of the hotel there is little to do in the area .
the bars and restaurants in the hotel are wildly overpriced with a mojito for example costing $14.
a big improvement would be to offer some form of shuttle service between the airport and the hotel and between the hotel and old san juan .
but first the hotel must throw out those horrible smelly mattresses .
kids on a ritz bring your floaties this is the second time i stayed at this property .
first time had difficulty keeping the fridge stocked poor mattress and when i talked with management i was made to feel as though i was bothering the manager .
second time same experience bad service in room and still poor mattresses .
poor service at the front desk , native spanish speaking customers clearly were given preferential treatment over the rest of the guests .
as far as the pool is concerned , it is beautiful , but try to get a chair after 8 am .
i was at the gym at 6am and there were multiple people staking out the best seats for the day .
the hot tub is completely out of control .
my girlfiend and i referrred to it as the kid stew .
usually one could find between 10 to 12 small unattended children in the tub .
water temp being a balmy 98 degrees or so perfect temp for whatever bugs the kids left behind . given
the cost of a stay at this hotel , unless you are one of those people who like to waste your money , i would suggest you spend less money at any of the other hotels on the strip for a much better experience 
do not be fooled by the brand - name !
this hotel is like paying for a bmw and driving a hyundai ( no offense to the korean car lovers ! ) .
if you have ever stayed at other rc properties you will immediately notice the difference .
this hotel will still give you a nice room with an exceptionally comfortable bed , but the ridiculously long front desk line and lack of service and security will make the 17 dollar mojitos and 30 dollar breakfast buffet hard to enjoy .
let?? start with the ??issing? ? cell
phone that disappeared from the surf shop counter in 2 minutes and the complete lack of cooperation or assistance from the hotel management .
i believe that the unusual circumstances of the loss of the cell phone ( almost a witnessed theft ) , and rc being in such a ??ame? ? resort would prompt some action by the management to maybe smooth over the actions of a certain employee or at least to make some gesture to appease two very irate guests who lost their only mobile source of communication with their 15 month old in ny .
but unfortunately we got shifted through all the different levels of management to leave with a 50 dollar credit to our room? ? or
two and a half mojitos !
our mini bar was raided by the previous occupants of the room who left us a half - eaten snickers bar and vodka and gin bottles that were opened and refilled with water ? ? real classy !
despite our repeated phone calls to the front desk we checked out 4 days later with the same bottles in the mini bar and a late discovered $3.75 charge for the chocolate bar !
the beach is very nice , but the water is very shallow with lots of rocks and coral that make swimming a bit challenging .
the casino is elegant but small .
only half of the tables games are staffed even on the busiest nights and the tables can go from a $5 dollar minimum to $25 in 15 minutes .
brings lots of cash and patience .
overall it was an ok experience , but you can have a better experience at the marriott in condado for ? the price .
ritz ? stayed at the ritz for 3 nights on a girls ' weekend and i would not return .
the resort was filled with unchaperoned children , to the point where we could not eat outside because of too many noisy children taking over the outside tables the hot tub was cold and again filled with kids .
the service was ok .
they did give us a changing room because we had a late flight out .
there is no night life at this hotel .
try the san juan down the street , especially on saturday nights .
drinks were $15 with tip . . . this ritz property does not live up to the reputation .
too bad , since there are so many choices along the carolina strip .
nothing special i spent 3 days at the ritz with high hopes .
this place is not much to write about .
the check in was slow , they did noot have my room ready until 5:30.
the rooms are small and very comfortable but nothing exciting .
the people are friendly with the exception of the pool side lunch place .
they are more interested in ignoring the customer than servicing your needs .
the beach guys are nice and will help with any request for 20 bucks .
blt was slow but good food .
the casino is full of local old ladies who line up on the slot machines .
there is no action at night , i suggest walking to the el san juan there lobby is always the hottest place in pr .
so the rits is not really a ritz its just a nice room on a nice beach 
before you stay here , think twice if you think you get what you pay for ! ! ! ! ok , so this place has some bright spots , but the bad really outshines the good and it really sinks in and cannot be overlooked ; especially when you are paying over $600 a night , this basically amounts to a 'less than ritz carlton experience .
having stayed at other rc locations in the past few years , i have to say i was not at all impressed . starting with our arrival , my wife and i and good friends of ours arrived at the hotel at 11:30am from newark liberty .
the flight was only 3.5 hours , which is what makes puerto rico so attractive to so many in our area .
the hotel is a 10 minute drive from the airport , which was great , and the taxi drivers we had during our four day visit were very nice . . . no shuttle to and from the hotel , but no big deal as it is very easy to catch a cab .
so , are we ready for the problems
we get to the hotel , we are greeted by a bell hop , he takes our bags , puts them on the baggage cart and leads us to the lobby ; very nicely maintained , not huge but nice , open and airy , a good feeling of being away . . . and then i see there is a line of about 15 people infront of me and my wife and our friends , waiting to check in , not thinking it was a big deal as there were four girls at the front desk .
25 minutes later , i finally get to the front desk , offered a bottle of water while waiting and was told that my room was not ready .
i was told that if i gave my cell phone number , someone would contact me when it was ready .
i booked my trip with american express platinum travel services , and received a nice welcome from the front desk , warm smiles and lots of yes ', to make me feel like this was just a minor set back and things would get better . . . .after being told that the eligible upgrade was not available ( fine , not a problem , this is the ritz , how bad can it be ) i would be given $100.00 credit during my stay and was told that an effort would be made in waiting for my room since i was a member .
great , that made me feel good . . . now , i ask where can i go and change , while i wait near the pool , as i was told i could do , while my room was prepared ?
well , sir , you can go to the men 's room , with your suitcase and change into a bathing suit .
i am easy going , as is my wife and our friends , so we drag our suitcases into the mens and ladies room , change and go to the pool .
nice grounds , nice pool , and the first thing i noticed was that there is no kids pool and lots of families with kids .
my wife and i , and our friends are in our mid 30's , we have a two year old , who we left home so we could relax , and low and behold , the pool is loaded with screaming , jumping , splashing children with parents who cannot control them .
fine , we are all easy going we say , nothing that an ipod ca not tune out , right ?
we lay out for a bit , and get hungry , we head to the bar/ cafe at the pool .
we ordered some hamburgers , a turkey wrap , salads .
i would say that isnt to hard to make , well , i was wrong .
after waiting 45 minutes , at a cafe where there werent to many people , for the burgers , salads and the wrap , i took a few bites , and my wife didnt even want to eat hers , our friends werent happy and we all felt that the food was not that great ! ! !
we all looked at each other , and were hoping this was just a fluke , but we had no clue what we were in for .
this was at 1:30pm and we figured hopefully we would get our phone call any minute and we would soon be in our room , unpacking and getting back out to the excellent sunshine , the only thing we wanted to do here in the first place ; sun and relaxation at the ritz ! ! ! 2pm , 3pm , 4pm , 4:30pm , still no phone call , still no room , for either of us .
i decided to go to the front desk , and there was still a line of people .
i get in line again and after 10 minutes , i call out to our bell hop who was pretty cool and rembered me .
i pleaded to him to see if there was something he could do as i did not want to wait another 1/2 hour to reach the front desk , just to find out if my room was ready .
10 minutes later he emerges , he lets me know that the room is ready and would take my bags to the room right away . . . relief is on its way .
oh , i had to ask for my friends as well , that took another 10 minutes .
we get to the room , nothing spectacular , not much of a view but clean , nicely decorated , satisfying , but not up to other ritz carlton 's that i have been to .
we decided to shower ; a clean bathroom , plenty of towels , plenty of bulgari amenities and we got ready for dinner .
we were really looking foward to dinner , as we were going to blt steak in the hotel , as there is one in nyc and every raves about the food . . . here come the let downs again . . . i dont know if the kitchens are as understaffed as the hotel , but again , the food iand service is terrible .
i ordered a caesar salad , was not great , my wife , she had a salad , have had better at a nj diner , and they werent cheap either . . . my skirt steak was good , my wifes king crab legs , mediorce , dinner costs us $200 for the two of us , same for our friends , and was worth 1/2 that at the most ; i have had better dinner at the cheesecake factory .
we headed to bed after a brief walk around the grounds of the hotel and a stop in the lounge .
we got into a comfortable bed , and had a good night sleep .
the next moring , we have breakfast at mares in the hotel , it was complimentary with our stay each moring , and was good but not worth the $26.00 per person one would normally pay , i would not recommend it if you are paying for it .
after breakfast , i headed to the gym , like i did every morning of my stay , and it could have been larger compared to other hotels i have been to .
i waited for a treadmill as they have limited cardio equipment , 5 to 6 treadmills and 4 efx machines , two bikes . . . the weight training equipment is limited as well , older equipment , and just not up to par .
the streching , abs , spin room was better equiped and had much more of a lively feeling . . . the main room is cramped , tight , hot and not to gym standards .
after my workout , i showered in the mens locker room , again , just ok , i have been in nicer equipped locker rooms in lesser hotels , and headed to the pool , once again , greeted by kids and families , and there was no way you could relax here .
we met other couples from our area with similar disappointing aspects of the hotel and were wondering why there wasnt a kids pool , why was the service so lacking we all felt the same way ; is this really a ritz carlton ?
my favorite part of the pool had to be the couple who had their pack and play at the steps of the pool , their chairs at the steps of the pool and their rafts , with them on them in the pool , holding on to the railing leading into the pool , and had the nerve to say ,  you know what i hate about laying by the stair , the traffic . . . my wife and friends were jaw dropped , as we would never ever sit our childs play pen right in the middle of where people enter and leave the pool , let alone even have her there below a year old in the first place ! ! ! seriously , am i being overly dramatic here , because i am trying like crazy not be at all negative towards this place , just telling it like it is , as i was paying so much and getting so little .
this is just not what i expected from a ritz carlton .
my wife and my friends wife wanted a drink , anything , so i looked around , and one , i counted one waitress at the pool and this poor thing was running around trying to make everyone happy , but waiting guests makes for unhappy guest .
i figured after 15 minutes of trying to flag her down from the other end of the pool , i decided to go get the drinks myself . . . when she finally got over to our side of the pool , she apologized ever so nicely and asked us if we needed anything , no nothing right now , but thanks for the apology was all i could say .
i felt really bad for her , because you could see she was working her rear off , and there was no one to help here , and the understaffing was clearly seen here .
there had to be 5 to 6 guys standing around handing out towels and fixing chairs for guest , and i was thinking , why wouldnt the manager have one of these guys take drink orders and help this poor girl
this day ended the same as the last , going to the room , showering , and heading out to a mediocre dinner , but this time at il mulino , which is also in the hotel , and another huge let down . . . isnt this supposed to be one of the best italian restaurants in nyc again , i think it has to do with staffing and the kitchen , but the food and teh service was just not good . . . i am 100% italian , i grew up in the nyc area and i think i have an understanding of good food and this is just not good food .
i have been to quite a few restaurants in nyc , northern nj and around the world at numerous hotels , and in their own ways , they all blow these restaurants away , and some for half the price .
day three went pretty much the same way , sub par food , screaming kids , lines , long waits for drinks , but nice weather for tanning and nice greetings from a staff that you can see knows they are in way over their heads , and try to my pleasure you into getting over it . . . it doesnt work . . . i smile , but it doesnt work .
to this point , i have not talked to a manager , first , because i do not like to be a complainer looked at as some snooty new yorker with an attitude .
i am just an average guy who is on vacation with his wife and friends trying to have a good time at a nice place , and believe me , like many , we do not mind paying a little extra for something good and something that is worth its price . . . secondly , i was seriously hoping this stay would have a miracle cast upon it .
but i know this is not the case and i am starting to feel like i am being robbed here folks .
this nice guy is starting to realize he is being taken for granted by the ritz carlton san juan , which at this point is looking more like the marriott san juan with nice grounds and a nice lobby ! ! ! so , our last day comes , and we got up and went to the beach today to get away from the rants of the pool .
we were nicely greeted at the beach entrance , and were led to chairs , towels and umbrellas at the place of our choice ; nice beach , very fine sand and a nice warm ocean , great . . . we should have done this from the beginning i started to think , but who would know that we would wait once again for any type of service on the beach . . . not seeing a single service person on the beach until we were getting ready to leave didnt make for a happy beach day .
i just dont understand how a place like this could be so understaffed and so inexperienced .
when it was time to check out , i became a little smarter ( too late though ) so i sat down at lunch , ordered my food , then went to the front desk line , knowing it would be a wait of at least a half hour or so to get to the front desk once again , and guess what . . . when i finally checked out and went back to my table where my wife and friends were waiting , i only had to wait an additional 15 minutes for the food to get there , lol ! ! ! . . .i would have complained to a manager , but was told that she ( jackie ) was not available and someone would call her if i wished to wait . . . no thanks , but i have to catch a plane in an hour to make it back to reality and i do not want to miss it .
for the price , go someplace else , i recommend the one  only resort locations , much better staff , much better food , much better everything ! ! ! ! puerto rico , my apologies , but i wo not be coming back as the only thing you have going for you at this point is the sun , and you can get that just about anywhere for free ! ! !
a disappointment i stayed at the ritz san juan , december 12-16th 2007 and would not recommend it to friends and family .
my room was very small overlooking the parking lot and there were problems with the ventilation and water pressure in the shower .
at times , the staff seemed surly with simple requests .
for example , the waitress began yelling when nutella was requested for croissants at the $17.50 continental breakfast .
also , a beach attendant handed me two towels my first day at the beach but when i saw there were no free chairs available he said , you did not ask for a chair .
it seemed like odd behavior for a hotel that prides itself on customer service . after my unsuccessful continental breakfast i ate at the starbucks located within the el san juan hotel and casino .
the staff was super friendly at both the el san juan and hotel intercontinental .
if you have the choice , i would seriously consider those two hotels before staying at the ritz again .
not up to any luxury hotel standards my husband and i were celebrating our 20th anniversary and we wanted a special hotel .
this was not the place .
the rooms were okay .
the food at the specialty restaurants in the hotel were good , but very overpriced .
the casino was dirty and had antique machines .
beach and pool staff were awful , we had our towels laid out for us once on a week vacation .
also , the waiters at the pool only asked us twice if we needed a drink .
i was expecting luxury but received a moderate quality hotel with poor customer service .
i had to call the front desk about a question when we arrived and called 4 times and no one answered .
we paid for a luxury hotel .
but , the ritz did not meet our expectations .
i think there are much better hotels to be found in puerto rico .
this one is close to the airport and is very loud , we heard the planes all day and night .
especially annoying while trying to relax on the beach , our room was very small and there are no balconies on most of the rooms .
i will never stay at a ritz hotel again .
every marriott i have ever stayed at puts this place to shame .
just to bad that we put our special occasion in their hands and they could not live up to their reputation of luxury and excellence 
oh ! how the mighty have fallen , north caldwell , n . j .
my wife and i have stayed at this hotel appx .
10 times over the past 5 years .
we have loved it so much for short getaways that we decided to go for our 2nd anniversary .
we arrived 3/28 and were given the wrong room .
after few calls we were moved to the proper room .
i do not know how they could let anyone stay in that 1st room it was dirty . spent 1 1/2 hours calling guest relations to have roses brought following day , anniversary , to our room .
finally got through .
roses never came .
called guest services and i was told guest relations gone for day but will give rose petal turn down that nt - -never came either . dinner at blt was very good and waiter wilson was awesome .
went back again had different waiter rude and obnoxious and hurried .
il mulino - -ny it is not - -my wife 's pasta was not al dente it was as hard as the table .
i had risotto which had no taste and the shrimp tasted like bleach .
the restaurant is at the casino entrance and some of the tables are outside literally at the casino steps .
i had a view of the back of a casino plasma tv . the place was full of kids .
i have kids of my own but this was a first on any of my visits here . it was like disney south .
i guess the no passport requirement to pr might have had something to do with it .
some of the kids were well mannered and polite others were just reckless and brazen - and the parents could care less .
kids would pile 6-7- or 8 floats on top of each other and others could not use them parents said or did nothing 1 child was hurt when he tried to stand on his creation . the staff now consists of locals who really could care less and you can tell they are there just to collect a check .
they used to import staff and train them well .
two exceptions - -wilson as noted - -and blaine who sold me a watch at little switzerland in lobby - -really pleasant and attentive . the hotel is weathered as noted by the landscaping which was not kept as it has been in the past . spa - -my wife loved her massage with evelyn - -i on the other hand received a 50 min .
massage in 30 mins since they were running late and it was interuppted when masseuse had to leave the room for some inexplicable reason . we are sad to have written this review but did so in the hope that someone from ritz would read it and try to bring this previous diamond in the carribean back to its former luster .
disappointed in noisy crowded worn out hotel ! ! my husband and i just returned from san juan .
we enjoyed the trip but were disappointed in the atmosphere and condition of the hotel .
worst ritz carlton we have ever seen !
the new courtyard marriott next door is much less crowded , new , and much less expensive !
( usually could not compare a ritz carlton to a courtyard marriott ! ! ! ! ) 
is this value for money ?
my company does business with the ritz - carlton , and so i stayed at the ritz - carlton .
i was prepared to be impressed , but , i told my boss my people are motel six people , i do not know how to handle this kind of royalty treatment . . . .all i could think of the whole time was this is too pricey . . . the people were friendly .
( but they 're friendly at budget motels too ) the lobby was very pretty and so were the grounds .
i 'll grant that . the breakfast buffet was pretty but i did not eat it because it was so pricey ( no sense in having my employer pick up the check $20+ when my diet says i should eat toast and coffee . . . )never ate at the pricey restaurants or ordered room service .
( too pricey ) never did any of the resort things ( surfing , snorkelling , etc ) .
[i was too tired from doing business all day]never partook of the mini - bar ( four bucks for a candy bar , you 've got to be kidding ) but here 's the kicker : my co - worker travelling companion had her company business credit card declined as we were paying the check at a nearby restaurant .
upon internet research we came to find out that the ritz charges $150 per day ( ! ! ! ! ) to your credit card upon checkin to protect themselves from unscrupulous users ( and does not share this little tidbit with you ) .
the charge does get reversed when you check out but . . . . yikes .
we complained to both our employer and the ritz about this process .
this is not the way to treat business travellers . plus you get $17.90 extra charged to your bill each day as a resort fee ( which is pretty standard , but it still shocked the heck out of me ) .i think i 'll stay at non - resort hotels . .
i win the lottery ( or i get mad enough at my employer that i will want to gouge the company . . . . ) 
leadership problems abound ; lack of managment involvement my wife , and i and our 2 kids visited the san juan ritz this past month for a week 's stay .
we 've stayed at other ritz locations about four times ; this was our first visit to san juan .
this particular location seems to have , what i would call , siginificant leadership problems that affect the day - to - day quality of service being provided to the clientele .
this is compounded further by managment lack of involvment when issues are called to their attention .
the ritz brand has an impeccable reputation and deservedly so , but this does not apply to this location . prior to committing to our trip at the ritz we read the reviews and were hesitant after reading the many so - so and negative reviews .
the ritz being so expensive in itself establishes certain expectations that are hard to meet and i believed that perhaps the reviews were affected by the cost of the ritz and not the service .
based on my stay , i feel that this ritz location cannot provide a complete level of service commensurate with the expense . our experience was that the front desk service was marginal at best and that the concierge service was almost non - existent .
there were numerous occasions when i would call the concierge to be placed on hold for ten or more minutes , promised a call back , or never had the my phone call answered , or was given wrong information .
on one occasion i went down to the conceirege desk to get in line for ten minutes to be helped as my calls were not being answered .
while waiting along with about 5 other clients waiting to be helped by the sole concierge , i noticed the guest services manager instead of helping the clients waiting in line , was off to the side just standing there shooting the breeze with one of his buddies .
an absolute disgrace !
this manager could have cared less and that was the sentiment that many people staying at this property observed .
the front desk has similar problems .
we booked our hotel directly through ritz back in december and paid top dollar .
we were shocked to meet others staying at the hotel who paid almost half of our rate by going through a discount travel agency instead of directly through ritz .
when i called this to the front desk 's attention asking for them to meet that rate , they gave me some nonsense excuse that they do in fact provide rooms at much lesser rates to discount agencies but would not tell me who they were or meet the same price .
they agreed that there is no benefit for loyal ritz customers to book dirreclty through ritz as opposed to going through some discount agency .
management refused to engage on this issue as well .
this location needs a change in senior management as it seems that the mediocre level of performance and service of the front desk , concierge etc . , come right from the top and there 's nothing filtering down .
fortunately , the mid - level and junior level staff personnel are admirably attentive , professional , and helpful .
the problems when things come together or are supposed to come together organizationally .
because they do not in most instances in spite of the heroics of the junior staff .
unfortunately one expects and pays for excellent service at the ritz .
one probably will not get it at this location .
in fact , i 'm kind of ritz 'd out , i . e . paid a bundle , had a so - so vacation , the senior staff could have cared less ( or it seemed that way ) .
if it were not for the junior staff , i 'd have rated this hotel as terrible .
btw , the housekeeping and the restaurant/dining service , staff and facilties are excellent in spite of senior staff . p . s .
i hope ritz corporate reads these reviews .
beautiful lobby , terrible customer service the hotel has the expected spacious and beautiful lobby and pool area , but the customer service needs much improvement .
if superior service is implied in the ritz - carlton hotel name , then it should be delivered .
following is a letter we wrote to ritz - carlton after our visit - we have yet to receive any response : dear sir/madam : my partner and i were presented with a ritz - carlton gift certificate as a christmas gift .
as we had plans to visit friends in puerto rico during the period from 17 to 24 march 2006, we called the ritz 800 number and asked if we could use the certificate to spend some time one afternoon at the san juan ritz - carlton pool , to order drinks and lunch - we were answered affirmatively . shortly after our arrival at the pool at the san juan ritz on thursday , 23 march 2006, we asked one of the pool staff for an umbrella , given our fair skin and the strong sun that day .
we were asked immediately for our room number , upon which we explained that we were not staying at the hotel , and showed that we had a gift certificate we intended to use poolside .
the umbrella was never brought , but a poolside manager was shortly sent instead to again ask us for our room number .
we showed again our gift certificate and explained that we intended to use the gift for poolside drinks and lunch . the manager told us that the ritz - carlton gift certificates are only allowed to be used toward the price of a room , at the restaurant , spa , or gift shop .
i responded to the manager that we had specifically called the 800 number in advance to ensure that we could use the certificate poolside , and further showed that there are no indications on the certificate regarding special limitations on how it could be used .
the manager responded that i was wrong , that the certificates can only be used in the manner she already explained , but that she was going to nevertheless let us stay by the pool that day . instead of the pleasant experience we had expected , we were made to feel like churls who were trying to sneak into a place we were not allowed .
and the pool staff refused to bring us the umbrella we had originally requested , as we were not room guests of the hotel . as a vp for a dow 30 company whose brand value is also largely defined by its promise of superior customer service , i invite you to please provide an explanation as to how our experience fits into the ritz - carlton definition of customer service , and how i should convey our experience to our friend who had given us the ritz - carlton certificate , which he believed was an especially thoughtful gift ?
thanking you in advance for your attention and response , sincerely , 
understaffed , undertrained , overwhelmed by full - capacity crowd my daughter and i stayed at the ritz carlton in san juan for four nights during spring break .
having read the reviews , we knew what to expect , the good and the bad . checking in on sunday afternoon , a male front desk clerk said our room with two double - beds was not ready , took down my cell phone number and promised to call me in an hour and half .
he did not call so i returned to the front desk at the appointed time and was told by a female desk clerk in an unpleasant , testy tone that there were absolutely no double - bed rooms available in the entire hotel and the prior desk clerk ( who was no longer on duty ) must have been mistaken .
she also asked me what he looked like and what his name was ( as if he was an imposter desk clerk ? ? ) , questioning me that he had ever promised me a room .
after about 30 minutes standing at the desk , instead of being outside in the sun on the first day of my vacation , ( during which i overheard other recent arrivals having similar check - in problems , and people who had checked - in the day before coming to the front desk to get lunch vouchers in payment for the check - in problems they had on the prior day so there was a common problem ) , a supervisor suddenly was able to locate an available double - bed room , but that it would not be ready for another hour so could i please give them my cell phone number ?
i mentioned that they already had it but they could not find it .
we did finally get the promised room at around 5:30 p . m . the check - in snafu was typical .
most the staff was pleasant and helpful , but it was clear that some had not fully completed their ritz - carlton training class and supervision of the property and its operations seemed to be minimal and inattentive . we asked for two blankets and only one arrived .
the make - up mirror in the bathroom was broken .
the trash can by the desk in our bedroom was never emptied .
several of the over - worked wait staff from the outdoor grill serving the pool and beach area were noticeably not happy about their jobs .
the nice young women assisting with the buffet breakfast in the lobby ( $18 for special k and a banana ) were always overwhelmed .
used towels and the remains of served meals in the pool area stayed un - picked up for far too long .
the beach was littered with cups , paper and other debris first thing in the morning .
one mid - afternoon we went to the spa and found all 3 bathroom stalls had no toilet paper .
( something that might be seen at a turnpike rest stop but should never be a problem at a luxury hotel . )the
front desk told us on the first day that the hotel was full .
that should not be an excuse for mixed service and a consistently overwhelmed , over - worked , under - attentive , attitude .
a well - run hotel should be able to serve a capacity crowd with top service , especially at the prices we paid . on the plus side , the food ( except for breaktfast ) was good , if wildly over - priced .
the airplane noise was not bothersome at the beach .
and the doormen and other staff in front of the hotel were uniformly helpful . maybe this was a ritz carlton lite instead of a full - service ritz carlton as advertised ? ?
we wo not know because we will not be going back .
huge disappointment !
several girlfriends and i stayed here for a friend?? wedding .
although we requested adjoining rooms several times before our arrival , our request was not honored .
after two requests and 45 minutes of waiting after being told they were delivering our luggage , our bags remained unattended in the front lobby .
service at the pool restaurant was unbelievably slow and we never even received our complete order .
afternoon tea was a disaster .
half of us were not given plates and had to use our saucers for the food .
tea was strained for only a select few , the others had loose tea floating in their cups .
again , very un - ritz - like service .
on our second day , one of us was taking the other guests ' orders at the poolside grill and another had to help work the grill ! the fitness center was adequate , however the ??elaxation room? ? for the spa was upstairs with only a curtain to drown out the noise ? ? hardly relaxing .
worse , one of my friends could hear the music clearly during her massage !
four different mysterious dining charges to our rooms , which were removed promptly upon question . housekeeping was wonderful ? ? delightful women ? ? nearly the only friendly and accommodating members of the staff that we encountered .
aside from the actual wedding , which was lovely and very well executed by the staff , this was not your typical ritz experience .
we were able to find humor in being disappointed over and over again , but not worth over $500 per night for holiday inn quality .
give it a second thought we were at the ritz s . j . over presidents weekend .
our rooms were not ready until after 5:00 p . m .
the weather was absolutely beautiful .
the staff was very polite and would say my pleasure .
but saying and doing are two different things .
at the pool , which was extremely crowded , the service for lunch was very slow .
it was 45 minutes for a hamburger .
i asked for ketchup - -it came after i finished the burger .
i know it was a busy weekend - -but the hotel should be able to handle this .
i also found the restrooms at the pool disgusting .
i had to ask the manager twice to have them attended too .
toilet paper would be a nice touch .
there is one restaraunt for breakfast .
we went through the entrance on the patio .
they asked us to go back through the hotel and go to the front of the rest .
to be seated .
they should close this entrance so they do not offend others .
we approached management again and they said it would be addressed .
many other customers were offended also .
should you need a toilet fixed , or a jammed door , or a key to work in your door - -get ready to call at least twice and wait for a really long time .
there is not a sense of right away at this ritz .
i stay at ritz 's all the time .
only this bad experience has forced me to write this .
the good things about s . j . are the palm rest .
at el san juan ( and the disco 's ) .
the old san juan district was fun .
the dragon fly rest .
was good also .
just think twice if you expect good and quick service .
ritz carlton light ?
my wife and i just spent 6 days at the ritz carlton , san juan .
we did have wonderful weather , and a terrific time , however having spent time at other ritz carlton properties , this resort has some brushing up to do . one would think that guests paying in excess of $500 a night could expect to receive a complimentary cup of coffee .
apparently the courtesy/service patrons receive at a holiday inn express does not translate here .
yes , all requests were received and replied with a , with pleasure , however should it be necessary to ask 3 times to have ketchup at your table if you 're having a hamburger ?
oh and before i forget , the privacy sign on your room door does mean do not knock and try to come in in puerto rico does not it ? adding insult to injury was the inablity to get a table at their 'signature ' restaurant .
the concierge replied ( when they did not put you on hold perpetually ) 'we are fully committed .
seemed strange to us that 'the palm ', and 'ruth chris ' could accomodate us at other hotels on the strip , while our own hotel pushed us aside .
these other hotels enjoyed our casino patronage as a result . while the hotel boasts tennis courts , it was nearly impossible to reserve a court .
the 'pro ' had one of the two courts tied up all day , and the other court was available very intermittently . the fact is that this is a beautiful property .
i believe that discerning clientelle will appreciate it for what it is , and forgive it for what it is not .
not up to ritz standard we stayed at the ritz san juan for a family vacation in february 04.
the service was much more of a marriott quality ( and not even as good as some of the better marriotts ) .
food quality was fine , but the service inside of the hotel and near the pool was very slow .
we spent several hours over the course of our trip trying to get billing errors resolved ( and even though the errors were finally fixed by our departure , our credit card bill turned out to be incorrect once again ) .
overall the hotel was understaffed and undertrained .
on a positive note , there was exceptional service and quality at their steakhouse .
the bottom line is that this is an adequate hotel for those not expecting the typical ritz service .
however , if you have vacationed at other ritz properties , you will probably be disappointed .
area not safe the main reason why i did not like this hotel is the area .
not safe at all .
my husband was robbed one block away from the hotel ( long story ) .
down the road ( about 6 blocks ) in front of a walgreens , i heard the police yelling at a guy who had just robbed a business and attempted to carjack a lady ! the hotel is okay .
definetely not a 5 star .
i have stayed at the ritz in cancun and hawaii , and this ritz does not compare . do not attempt to drive in puerto rico unless you are a trained race car driver and are willing to forget your manners .
this is the ritz carlton ? 3 days/ 4 nites , july 1-4, 2005.
ran out of towels at pool side , not enough waiters at poolside , rib eye steak for dinner poor , waited 45 min .
for a sandwich , lunch time , room was not ready when we arrived , very disappointed !
not impressed this is a late review , but i just found your site . as in a previous review , room was not ready , then found room assigned was not what was ordered .
then , was moved to another one , not quite matching what was ordered . advise anyone to use the resurants on the strip rather than in - house dining .
if you have been to vegas , atlantic city , etc . , you will find their casino run in a very amateurish fashion , and not friendly as the hotel staff .
( hotel staff were courteous , helpful and informed . ) .
pool/ coutryard/ beach area well organized and run . .pool bar and resturant also very good . overall , in comparing this place with everything from a mom  pop 's motel right up to the waldorf , found the rooms , amenities , etc . ,overpriced and overated .
found better places in and around old san juan on later stops . lastly , booked this place with expedian and in the end had a dispute with the quoted rates and actual ones . . ( **big note here : never , repeat , never use expedia to book anything .
they will not back you up on price changes ; they charge your credit card in advance , and they just do not care about your problems , and wo not correct anything even when they agree you are in the right ! )overall , check out other places around old san juan , i found them way better than this place .
poor customer service we just returned from a weekend at the ritz in san juan and we were very dissapointed with the service .
upon arrival and after having confirmed an early check in the day before , our room was not ready .
we waited an hour for the regular check in time and our room was still not ready ( as well as other guests who were waiting to check in as well ) .
all the while , the staff was unapologetic and did not offer any explanations as to why the rooms were not ready on time .
when we would ask what was happening with the room or how much longer it would be , the staff members would say they would get right back to us , then they would dissapear for 20 or so minutes before telling us it still was not ready .
we were tired from our flights and asked if there was another comparable room available .
we were finally given another room an hour an a half after the check in time and it was a room without a view ( we had paid extra for a pool view room ) .
when we complained the staff blamed us and said we were not willing to wait for our room so they had to downgrade us . it was already 5:30 and check was supposed to be at 3. close to 6:00 our room was ready and all the while - no one was nice about it .
we were also suppose to have wine and fruit waiting in our room as part of a special occassions package , that also was not there and we had to keep calling to get it sent up which took a few hours and many calls to guest services .
we wasted a lot of time dealing with the poor management and customer service at the ritz .
we really expected more . in general , the rooms were very clean and housekeeping was excellent .
there is only one swimming pool and it can get very crowded .
there were numerous other smaller things were not done right and we would not stay here again .
this property should not carry the ritz name i still can not believe all of the five star reviews for this hotel .
pros : close to the airport , on the beach , decent pool . cons : close to the airport , beach is not beautiful ( water looks almost black/mud like substance , ) too many young children ( under 10, ) rooms/lobby/casino need to be updated , nothing worth seeing is with in walking distance , ocean view room 's windows do not open/no balcony ?
food in pool restaurant was sub par , the upscale restaurant prim 787 was not very good either .
i paid roughly $400 a night for a ocean front room .
i feel as though the experience was worth $89 a night .
i would not return and i am still amazed at the positive reviews of this hotel .
safety to an extreme i spent a few days at the ritz carlton in san juan last year .
i went to visit some friends who have a beautiful home outside of san juan and brought back a bunch of beautiful flowers from their garden , to put on a vase in my room .
a day before my departure , another good friend came over to visit and i asked him to take the flowers with him , so that they would not go to waste .
on his way down the elevator , one of the hotel managers made a sarcastic comment complementing the flowers .
on his way out by the beach , the pool staff again asked him where he had obtained the flowers from .
he explained .
when he was about to get into his car , a security guard stopped him and again asked about the flowers .
my friend was finally let go , but we were left with a sour taste in our mouths .
we support security , but was not this a bit ridiculous ?
otherwise , the pool is heavenly .
the beach just ok .
needs leadership overhaul overall , this is a nice property with a large number of amenities , though you do have to pay a steep tariff for most .
the major issues as we see it relate to management issues .
the staff was knowledgable and quite pleasant and responsive .
the problem is that this resort sells itself as a step above and luxurious .
we found many of the common areas to be somewhat shabby and in need of remodeling .
the linens were pilled and the pillows atrocious .
the casino is in desperate need of remodeling .
here is a nitpicking point , but emblematic of the issues .
cheap plastic cups for 9 dollar cocktails .
c 'mon , for that price a little better grade plastic at least .
we felt as if the owners were squeezing every last dollar out for profit and not reinvesting in the little , but important details that make a resort a luxury resort .
indifferent staff my friend and i did not stay at the hotel but scheduled a massage at the golden door spa .
we visited the property and spa prior to scheduling .
when we asked the receptionist for information about their services , she complied but certainly did not exude a warm personality .
we scheduled our massage over the phone , knowing exactly what we wanted .
when we arrived the day of our appointment , the same receptionist was there .
she handed us our credit card slips to sign .
we each noticed that the charge was for 80 minutes , not the 50 minutes we requested .
the receptionist was visibly irritated and said that it 's what we ordered .
we were adamant that no , we ordered 50 minutes .
she said , i wrote it down , then picked up the phone and spoke to the massage therapists to say , they changed their minds .
i was getting angry at this point and said , rather loudly , we did not change our minds , you must have written it down incorrectly .
she never backed down .
i apologized to our therapists for any inconvenience .
our massage was average at best .
we later visited the gran melia in rio grande .
a much better feel to the hotel and staff . . . everyone was very nice and accomodating .
we visited their spa and though it 's a bit pricier , well worth it .
i suggest you stay clear of the el conquistador and head over to the gran melia .
we also felt it was a much prettier resort .
save your money . . . .
i read the reviews on tripadvisor prior to coming on our trip .
the reviews are really all over the board and i truly think it depends on your expectation level of a 5 star resort/vacation .
we were part of a large group of realtors and spouses on a business retreat .
unfortunately , the weather did not cooperate as there was rain almost the entire week , with a threat of hurricane omar ( that luckily missed the island ) .
when you have the extra time on your hand , you tend to notice some of the imperfections ( and there are many ) .the hotel overall is in serious need of maintenance .
how they can maintain their 5 star rating is curious and almost laughable .
with the current condition of the resort , this should receive 3 stars .
the windows leaked throughout the resort and in the rooms .
the staff had yellow pool towels rolled up at the base of every window , everywhere .
rugs were soggy . . .
the pools are in need of refurbishing .
it looks like my child did the grout work around the pool .
the grounds are nice , but lacked maintenance .
there is chipped paint , marks of the walls throughout the hallways , and generally feels like half of the staff did not show up to complete the level of work needed to maintain this caliber of hotel .
with the anticipated storm , all but 2 of the restaurants closed ( they have 21 i think ) for two days .
the food is expensive , so bring your wallet .
drinks too , and not just alcoholic .
an arizona ice tea ( $1.00 a can in the states ) is $5.75, a coke is $3.75 and the fuji bottled water in the room is $7.00.
we enjoyed a fabulous dinner one night at stingrays , but it set us back $144. the rooms are a nice size with an incredible view of the ocean and pools .
our room looked like it had been recently renovated ( very modern , sleek ) , however , the bathroom looked original ( to what year , i 'm not sure ! ) .
the grout was dirty and stained , and again was sloppy .
there was peeling paint on the celing of our bathroom .
the water was luke warm at best on some days .
we were lucky enough to finally receive a wash cloth on the last 2 days of our 6 day stay .
i 'm not sure housekeeping spent more than a minute or so in our room cleaning it . the entrance as you come into the resort has large tiles .
obviously , the constant rain made it difficult to keep this area dry .
but the tiles are dangerously slick .
someone in our group fell and injured her finger .
why anyone would think it is a good idea to put slick tile in a main entry way that is susceptible to rain , i do not know .
we did not play the slot machines or even enter the casino .
they did close the casinos down in anticipation of the storm .
the area looked nice . the staff was extremely pleasant and helpful .
i did not see any presence of management throughout our stay .
overall , it seemed like the hotel was generally understaffed . i am hopeful that by sharing our experience will help you make a decision about this resort .
again , i will say , had the weather been beautiful the whole week , our group would not have noticed all of the little details , i 'm sure .
but this resort has been seriously neglected and hopefully the next group managing it ( we learned it is in the process of being sold ) will but some serious money and efforts into refurbishing the resort .
the potential is certainly there , but given the prices they are currently charging , you expect 5 star quality ( in the resort itself , rooms , service ) .
save your money and pick another resort . . . . . .or come back when it 's been renovated .
very disappointed my husband and i were looking for a relaxing vacation for our first wedding anniversary .
it was a very relaxing trip but we were very disappointed with the hotel .
we did enjoy the private island but it was somewhat of a pain to travel up and down the funicular to get to the ferry since only one of the funiculars was in service .
the main pool was being repaired and could not be used .
the general maintenance of the hotel was poor .
i was disappointed in our room .
again , general maintenance was poor .
we also had gnats in our room that bit me all over .
i was not that impressed with the staff either .
we called down to a manger because we felt like our room was not up to par and we got no where .
mind you the hotel was pretty much empty and i sure that was due to the fact that it is off season for them but we knew there were other rooms available .
frankly , i would not recommend it to anyone .
lovely views , but there is ends .
we have traveled a bit around the world but never went to pr before .
we are a family of three , two adults and one 13 year old boy .
the property is lovely but very loud , there is music everywhere .
it is difficult to get away from it .
the casino is located in the center of the lobby and impossible to escape .
the rooms had small gnats that bit us throughout the night .
additionally the hotel booked two conventions for some of the days we wwere there which stressed the seriveces beyond what they capable of .
there is a funicular to the private ferry and island that was often out of service .
we have stayed at several comparable properties throughout the world and were not impressed with this one .
again , the view of the water is lovely but beyond that the hotel is a lacking .
cheesy and a disappointment , not for honeymooners .
my husband and i married in puerto rico because he is from there and so we elected to honeymoon on the island as well .
the first three nights we stayed at a sister hotel to the el con called the el san juan hotel in isla verde for the touristy , busy part of our honeymoon . . . loved it , and will go back .
then we spent 4 nights at the el conquistador with the romance package including airport shuttle , daily breakfast for two , two 50 minute massages , and tax and tariff .
good price offered for what we thought would be the luxurious and romantic part of our honeymoon . . . hated it , will not go back . first of all , everyone hit the nail on the head with expensive food costs .
the cheapest meal was $45, for a cesear wrap and tuna pita , and water to drink .
i agree the food was not anything to remember , not fantastic , nor worth the price .
half the restuarants were closed majority of the time , only one tram worked to get you up and down the resort which made us miss the catamaran multiple times to the beach ( supposed to run every half hour but ran every hour ) .
biggest problem , screaming kids everywhere .
the 7 luxurious pools were full of them .
this hotel did not bend backwards , forwards or even shuffle a step for guests .
it felt like a rip off .
large dasani bottles of water - $10.
no microwave in your room , so if you did have leftovers from your $100 dinner , you could not even eat it .
the dance club is only open 3 days of the week , for a place that traps you there , they sure limit your amenity options .
the power kepts tripping off for seconds at a time multiple nights the week we were there .
the spa was not as clean as it should 've been and the massage was not relaxing , very rigid and tacky .
luckily the view from our room was amazing , go for the ocean view rooms , its breathtaking .
loved the walk in closet , to actually unpack was nice .
the safe did not work and staff never came to assist .
palomino island , the private beach , was overcrowded with chairs everywhere , the beach and water was so rocky and filled with coral , so painful on your feet .
plus tons of jellyfish in the water , be careful .
if you are hungry , the hamburger was good , but $15.
we had a 5 pack of cerveza for $30 and to rent a floatie for the water was $22 a day , and they kick you off the island at 5:30pm .
but there were awesome iquanas wandering around everywhere there . if you wanted to escape with a tour , the kayaking was $88 per person , which was by far the best activity we have ever done in puerto rico all the years we have visited , but the dock was a 3 minute bus ride from the hotel .
our friends stayed in san juan and paid $60 per person for the same tour that drove them the hour drive to the same dock we were already at and fed them .
the el yunque rainforest tour for $55 per person was nice , very informative and worth the price .
if you want to experience puerto rico , do not stay here , go to isla verde or san juan .
you will never taste puerto rican food at this hotel , nor experience the friendly , vibrant , artistic culture of puerto rico .
if you are rich , have loud children and want to take them somewhere to dump them at the pool and pay $12 for macaroni and cheese they wo not eat , then this is the place for you !
bring your own food !
i attended a conference at this resort at the end of july .
my husband and daughter came with me .
the first part of the week was work for me and fun for them .
we all vacationed at the end of the week . we took the hotel 's airport shutter rather than renting a car as we had read horror stories about renting cars and driving in puerto rico .
it was an hour drive to the resort , and i was glad someone else was doing it .
the shuttle was expensive ( $66 per person round trip ) , but a cab would have been more ( about $120 one way ) .my biggest problem with this resort was the cost of food .
because the resort is far from everything , you are at the mercy of the hotel restaurants which are extremely expensive .
the breakfast buffet on a weekday for three was $90 after the tip !
it was good but not that good .
the italian restaurant and the steak place had excellent food but again a very high price tag .
steaks for three were $235.
we were unable to eat in the evening , even at their most reasonable restaurant , for less than $60 for the three of us .
the lunch menus were not much better , and many restaurants were not open for lunch .
almost all of the lunch restaurants were outdoors if you do not like sitting in the sun .
they did have umbrellas at most of the tables .
we took several tours offered by the hotel which we enjoyed very much .
however , one of them , a kayak to the bioluminescent lagoon cost twice as much through the hotel ( approximately $90 per person ) than if you had just walked outside the hotel and purchased the tour directly ( $45) .
it was essentially a very short $45 van ride per person for the privilege of purchasing it through the resort .
we thought the rain forest and old san juan tours were reasonably priced for what you got .
just the transportation back to san juan covered the tour cost on that one since cabs are outrageous and driving in puerto rico ( e . g .
rental car ) is risking your life . the resort personnel were not very responsive to issues when they arose .
the wireless internet did not work properly from my room and cost $15 per day .
i found out later in the week that i could just walk down to the lobby with my laptop and get faster service free .
i called four times to get this fixed early in the week and never received a single call back . i use a medical machine to sleep at night so i need a power outlet near the head of the bed .
there were none available so i called for a power strip several times but never received a call back .
we ended up unplugging the light at the bedside each night . the security lock on our door was broken , and calls regarding this were never returned .
the room was nice , and the bathroom very spacious .
however , it had an odd design with the closet in the bathroom so getting three people showered and dressed in the morning was interesting to say the least . our room had a nice balcony overlooking the bay .
we spent a fair amount of time reading there as it rained the last three days of our visit .
the last day it rained so hard that they cancelled the boat to the private island so i never got there .
my husband and daughter went there a couple of times and liked it .
they did say that you must wear shoes to walk into the water though due to the sharp coral .
they do not crunch the shells every day so my daughter was able to bring some back which she liked .
it does make the beach difficult to walk on with barefeet though if that is your thing . my husband and daughter enjoyed horseback riding on the island .
we did not find any bicycle rentals though which was suprising .
we tried walking to the a nearby business area one day ; but , it was a lot farther than we expected with little to offer anyway .
there are a couple of restaurants a few blocks outside the gate bayside ; but , they both looked pretty run down .
we did not try them .
there is supposed to be an excellent restaurant about a half mile from the hotel gate which is almost as far from the actual hotel .
it is hot in puerto rico so we did not want to walk all that way .
we were told the cab fare would be $25 each way so we elected not to go .
there were several nice pools , but they were often very busy .
this is a hotel that really caters to families with young children so the pools tend to be noisy .
there were multiple hot whirlpools , and they were hot .
again , very often , they were filled with children .
the regular pools were warm and clean and had poolside bars for drinks and food .
i travel a great deal , and i felt the hotel looked rundown overall .
i would not return or recommend it , based on my experience .
it was not a terrible place , but i think it 's too expensive for what it offers .
conquistador over rated .
i have been to this beautiful resort when it was wyndham .
now lxr manages the places and it has gone downhill ! !
the place has gone through a room renovation so let me get out the good side of the review . the rooms are clean , new , nice flat screen ( no hd ) , plenty of hot water , and the ocean view is spectacular ! !the beach is also very nice .
typical white sand and very nice island . the bad ( really bad ) :the place is tired .
old , needs paint jobs , rennovation and frankly looks very poor .
for what used to be a world class location , the place is far from this .
i cant speak for las casitas ( $500/night ) , but the hotel experience was bad .
some details . - the pool was disgusting with mold , and it desperatly needs a power wash .
- breakfast .
the las brisas buffet is not maintained if you get there by 9am it is picked over and disgusting full of flies - had a late dinner in the casual restaurant across from casino and admitely we got there late like 15 minutes before closing . . . we were one of two families . . . but the cleaning crew started mopping the floors and i had to mix my meal with the nice odor of amonia .
not pleasant .
to be fair , when i told the manager , he took 20% off . -
is this disneyworld ?
when checking in , valet , tram to beach , buffet , and just about anywhere else . . . lines , lines and more lines .
for example , the check in counter had 9 stations , but only 3 people at the counter and a long line - the room was not ready at check in at 1pm .
had to wait until 5pm - the lobby of a super8 may look better than this place .
its a shame as it once was spectacular . i can go on .
if i have more , i will post .
needless to say , we will stay the course for the next 3 days and go home .
for $350/night , i do expect more .
we are moving to ritz - carlton in 3 days !
overly priced not worth it .
horrible stay !
resort is beautiful , amazing view as well .
elevators were constantly messed up , we were upgraded to the marina but to far from the main entrance and again you need the funicular to get up to restaurants and casino and we had a bad experience with only one working for a full day .
food , not recommended when you are traveling with children . . . . . .overpriced ! ! ! , be ready to spend $15 for a burger and fries for kids only since they do not have any kids menus anywhere in the resort , a bottle of water will be $4, i suggest to bring water and juice from outside if you rent a car , you will find a walmart and other places to eat just 10 min from the resort . our
first night we went to one of the cheaper spot to eat and they had us wait for 2 hours for our food !
management would not do anything about it just said sorry .
2nd night same thing and again nothing was done about it .
would not come back here and would not recommend to any friends and family to stay .
" high expectations , low satisfaction " i booked amex magic nights fourth night free , 2 daily breakfast for 3 days and two one day water park passes requested two queen beds but was assigned two full size beds .
it was that or a king size bed and an air bed for my teenage daughter , for the price i considered it unfair .
after considering to cancel the reservation they offered a transfer to las casitas villas , very nice rooms and ocean views but very uncomfortable full size beds , my back still hurts .
the first morning i had to stand in line for more than 25 minutes to be seated for breakfast , it was very disorganized .
they overbooked rooms and we received a poor service .
at the concierge desk , for one question i was given 3 different answers and none of them where certain .
i was misinformed by phone .
about the water park , it is small , stairs to get to the slides stink like urine .
they gave me a bottle of wine and apologized , that did not make it better .
y do not think i would go again and i can not recommend it .
i hope you have a better experience .
no such thing as service at this hotel . . .
i would not recommend this hotel to anyone .
i have traveled to many resorts and this was by far my least favorite .
we arrived to a very dirty room . . . something splashed all over the walls and doors in the bathroom as well as something smeared on the walls over the bed .
we immediately called the front desk and to their credit , they did have it cleaned immediately .
we know another couple that was here with us who switched rooms 3 times before they got one that was acceptable . the service everywhere in this hotel is sloooow !
espeically the pool - we waited over an hour for pizza one day and were told not even to bother ordering a burger because it would be forever until we got it .
you have to hunt down waiters to get food .
there was just nothing relaxing about this .
the casino bar and marina bar was slow you did not even want to drink anymore once they got to you .
the one place we received good service was at strips a restaraunt within the hotel . . . there was very good food here and our waiter was excellent .
i would rather not waste more time with the details , but i really would find a different hotel to stay at if you are considering .
too many people , slow service , average food and ritz carlton prices ! !we did go over to the island to hang out and that was by far the best day - although - it takes an hour just to get over there by the time you get down the elevator , down the tram ( one was broken , of course ) and on the boat .
nothing seemed convenient .
we just returned from a 5- day spring break visit to the el conquistador hotel .
after a long flight and drive to the hotel , my boyfriend , 16- year old daughter and i were looking forward to unloading our luggage and enjoying some late afternoon sun .
we arrived around 1:30 pm , and we had to wait until 4:00 pm for the room to be available .
in the meantime , we enjoyed a $90 lunch ( sandwiches and salads ) and walked the property .
our room was located on level 2, las olas .
the only way to reach this area is via the tram , which is very slow - moving and holds 20-30 people max .
our room was decent enough , but being stuck in the middle of the cliff was less than appealing .
getting to the marina and lower - level restaurants was easy as stairs are available .
however , going up is a challenge - no stairs and only one of the two trams stops at las olas .
service was fairly good in the restaurants , especially the stingray cafe '.
however , stay clear of iguana grill on the island - horrible , horrible service at a mere price of $105.
a rental car was not in our original plan , but after reviewing the prices of trips to san juan , the rental fee was the better option .
having a car also allowed us to eat off - site , and the restaurants in farjardo are much better and affordably priced .
do not book excursions through the hotel - there is about a $30 markup on the snorkel and catamaran trip alone .
we called a company in the fajardo area and booked a trip for $60 each - 5.5 hours and it included lunch .
the same trip was $98 through the hotel .
by the end of the trip , we vowed never to return .
the hotel is too large in size to receive personal service and the prices are not justifiable .
i do not mind paying money for good food , but $18 for a tuna sandwich is a bit overboard . tips if you stay at this hotel : (1) get to starbucks early or very late - the line many times went outside to the pool area ; (2) a few restaurants are located near the service gate .
it costs $20 each way for a cab to go about a mile ( from the lobby to the entrance ) .
ask the bell captain to drive you there by golf cart or parking shuttle .
we enjoyed la estacion and calizo without paying a dime in cab fare .
la estacion is very close to the service gate and calizo is about 0.3 miles away ( although no shoulder ) .
there are also restaurants with 0.5 miles of the marina area at the bottom of the resort . ;
(3) rent a car - it will save you a ton of money ; and (4) look off - site for excursions .
underwhelmed i found the service at the hotel to be poor at best except for the otello restaurant where the service was superb .
the staff at otello 's is to be commended .
from the front desk to the bars to the other restaurants we where very disappointed with the lack of professionalism .
i would expect that from a place charging $99 per night but not for $419 per night .
the drinks and food where very overpriced for the service that we received .
otello 's was expensive as well but we did not mind paying it in exchange for excellent food and service . the view was excellent but the overall resort was run down and needed a face lift . very disappointed .
would never return .
camp conquistador we have been going to the caribbean every presidents week for 10 years .
we know it 's an expensive and crowded time to travel but we have no choice .
this year , we decided to try the el conquistador . children under 10 outnumbered adults 3-1.
they were everywhere ! we could not find a quiet place at any poolside or at their private beach .
you would turn over in your chair to find someone 's foot about 6 inches from your nose . the restaurants are supposed to be good .
we never mind paying $100-150 for a good meal .
this was the case at the stingray and strip house .
the northern italian otello 's , however , was the biggest rip off ever !
their food was most certainly not northern italian by any stretch of the imagination ! !
it was terrible and very expensive . you need to make dinner reservations to any restaurant a week before you go or you may be out of luck . breakfast varied from place to place .
$17 for a dried up waffle was riduculous .
lunch : $15 for a tiny tasteless frozen pizza was ridiculous as well . think twice before seeking peace and quiet here on pres .
week ! !
overpriced , underserviced .
think twice with young kids stayed at the el conquistador over the school winter break which is , admittedly , a very busy time to travel .
we booked late .
first off the positive : our room ( las brisas ) was beautiful .
recently renovated , tasteful in a boutique hotel style and was quite spacious .
the bed very comfortable .
our view was magnificent .
endless vista of the caribbean sea .
the waterpark which opened 2 weeks ago was an absolute blast for all of us and at $12 for adults , $9 for kids , the biggest bargain . now the flip side .
we did not know much about the resort and also did not realize how spread out and large it is .
we have young children , aged 3 and 5 so convenience is a premium for us .
we were near the pool area and a number of restaurants , but there is no beach at the hotel .
you need to take a fanicula down a cliff , then a catamaran to the beach on palomino island ( which is beautiful ) .
the boat leaves every 1/2 hour , and though very punctual , if you forget something you ca not just run back to your room to get it .
my youngest got tired and wanted to go back to the room to rest .
he had to wait a total of 45 minutes to get there .
around 4pm people start leaving the beach so the lines back can be long .
overall , expect a lot of standing in line to get places and a good bit of waiting in general .
so if convenience is a premium , this is not the place for you . service : mediocre at best .
we needed a rollaway bed .
after 2 days of calls we finally got one ( do not even ask how long it took to get a blanket to go with it ! ) .
most hotels , especially nice ones , provide you with moisturizer , cotton balls and qtips .
after 3 calls to housekeeping i finally gave up trying to get them .
lastly , we had to call twice to request robes ( also something you expect at nice hotels ) .
food : mediocre to awful .
completely overpriced .
no matter where you go , from the burger hut at the beach to finer dining .
lunch was always $50, dinner near and over $100.
and the service , terrible - -the pace glacial no matter where you are which is a nightmare when you are with tired children at the end of the day .
at one lunch my husband and i ordered the exact same thing and when 2 different meals showed up the waiter looked at his order form and insisted we were the ones who were wrong !
did not even apologize or offer to fix it . the pool is also too cold . my final comment is that this is a 4 star resort with 5 star prices and 2 star service .
the owners/management ( i hope they 're reading ) could really learn a thing or two from the folks at the ritz carlton , where we 'll be returning next vacation .
( the one in montego bay is fantastic ! )
i 'll plan ahead next time .
you can find a better place overall our stay was ok - the place is clean with beautiful ocean views , nice pools and the grounds were great .
however , our room opened into a courtyard - no hallways , so you heard every sound made outside , people talking dragging their luggage , laughing , etc .
the second issue was the time it took to get to the beach - by the time you left your room , took the cable car down to the marina , got on the ferry , waited for departure and got to the island , it took almost an hour .
last problem is they barely put any alcohol in their drinks .
good for conventions , golf and family reunions not couples just got back last night .
we wanted a three day getaway to a beautiful beach and great pool .
what we got :1. ok we knew the hotel was huge but were not worried cause just wanted beach and pool .
alot of time traipsing around .
arrived to what looked like a convention center building .
checked in - were relieved to find our room was near the main building ( no need to take a golf cart . )
went to our room - renovated to a three star level ( marriott is nicer ) with a lovely balcony with beach/pool view .
decided to go to the beach - traipsed through main building near check in - walked through tables of people eating lunch on outside area - around the bend ( gorgeous views ) - past alot of stores to glass elevator which took us to the funicular .
funicular took us down mountain .
10 minute wait for ferry to take us to private beach ( with about 500 people on it ) .
no waves .
felt like we were commuting to the beach .2.
water park and pools .
if you are with a posse of preferably 10 year olds and younger - you are in good shape .
the pools have no depth .
average depth is 3 feet - a few really deep spotsreaching 4'6.
at the water park , there is one area in the pool which is 4'6 and looks over the ocean ( up close ! ) which is a treat .
not sure why they charge for the water park - we have been to nicer more beautiful water park pools ( grand walea for example ) at other hotels that do not charge extra for it .3.
everything everyone has written about the food is true .
we live in manhattan and thought the prices were outrageous .
had lunch at the marina and thought maybe the best way to handle the resort ( if you are not a golfer - the course is beautiful ) is to stay in the marina sectioin ( cutting off the elevator , funicular ) and being more in tune with nature and the beach island .4.
i 'm extremely familiar with the beauty of this portion of the island ( having done biz here in the early 90's ) .
if we had signed on for longer , would have taken the ferry to vieques and culebra and spent some time at luquillo beach - - - - - - the big question - why stay at this resort to go elsewhere .5.
loads of people - yes , it was a holiday weekend but this place was jammed .
lines , waits and traipsing through people .6.
did not see the golfers but can imagine they were happy .
famililes with kids also looked content .
if you are a couple looking for a romantic getaway - think twice about this place !
too much - - in all aspects my family ( me , husband , 2 children ( under age 10) ) stayed at el con from 1/26 - 2/2/08.
i relied heavily upon this website before leaving for our visit and was glad it prepared me for the resort .
here is my take on it : location : the drive from the airport to the resort was about 50 minutes . . . really far when travelling with children who had been up since 4 am ; and , with everyone ready to start vacation .
we had the prearranged shuttle waiting for us , so , there was no time at the airport for us to eat ( and the airline ran out of food before our seats were served ) so needless to say , we were tired  hungry .
the shuttle had a cooler with water bottles ( hint : grab a number of them and put them in your fridge once you get into your room , because the resort price for bottled water is about $3/bottle ) .
pulling into the resort you immediately see that it is well decorated and has beautiful grounds .
however , the resort was far too big for me .
i felt as though i was in a town .
nothing is really within a quick walk .
check in/rooms : the hotel staff member we worked with was very helpful ( joanne ) however , checking in was a problem for us .
we had made a prior request for an ocean view room that would be near the main hotel area ( versus taking the funicular to/from our room ) ; and , we were told we had an ocean view room (2 queen beds ) down the bottom of the funicular .
the only ocean view room available that was not in the funicular area was a king size bed and , to accommodate the kids , we were told that they would bring in an air mattress !
now , that was not acceptable to us . . . our children were also on vacation and we were not paying those high rates for them to sleep on an air mattress .
the only ocean view room with 2 queens in the main hotel part would be available in 3 days - - so , we took that one and stayed the first few nights in the king room and the air mattress .
the first air mattress lost all of its air within 2 hours ; and , the staff needed to come in the room and set up a new one ( while my kids and i sat up in my bed in our pjs . . . an uncomfortable situation ! ) .
this ordeal took until 10:30 pm to sort out and we were very tired and hungry and not real pleased with el con at this point !
( hint : if you are placed in this same situation , and are told you need to use an air mattress in a king bed room , make sure that you get one of the larger king bed rooms .
there are 2 size rooms with king beds . . . the first one that they tried to use the air mattress in was so small that we literally needed to side step through the room in single file to get dressed , watch tv , get to the beds , etc .
after complaining about that we were moved to a larger king size room which held the air mattress a little better and again because it was temporary ( just 3 days ) we suffered through ) .
now this next comment is going to sound odd , but , it was an issue : there are no blankets or covers .
the room was always very cold and we switched back and forth between having the air set on 74 degrees or turned off and just ran the ceiling fan .
we called guest services for 2 blankets , but , 4 blankets would have been better !
the bathroom was very large and clean .
my only complaint with the shower was in our room that had the 2 queen beds , and , that was that we never had hot water .
it did not matter if we showered first thing in the morning , afternoon or evening , our water was always tepid .
and , when we moved the nozzle to hot there was a loud vibrating noise that ran the whole time we showered . pools  beach : the pools are kept very clean .
the water temperature was fine , and , there are pool noodles , balls , towels , etc . ( which did not have a service fee or charge attached to the use of these things - - - that was surprising because with the exorbitant fees we paid for food/drinks/services for everything else , i would have expected a $20/person/day charge for the towels and pool usage ! ) .
almost every day we took the boat ride to the private island to go to the beach ( the resort is not directly on the beach . . . so if you want sand/snorkeling you need to get on the boat to get there ) .
the food at the beach as well as the pool service ( at the resort itself ) is very expensive and nothing unique to puerto rico .
it is very standard fare ( burgers , chicken , salads , sandwiches ) .
the drinks were all expensive and i am still sickened by the money we spent on food/drinks each day . staff : the staff ( at all places : pool , beach , front desk , concierge , restaurants , cafes , etc . ) were always pleasant , quick , helpful , but that did not take away the pain of the expense !
kids activities : all i can say here is it will cost you .
there was one morning that my husband was golfing , and , i had to work for 1.5 hours .
so , i put my kids in the kids club .
imagine my surprise to learn that the kids club is not free - - it is $45/child for 1/2 day (9:00 - 12:00, no lunch provided ) and $75/child for a full day ( lunch and snack provided ) .
yes , it was $90 for 1.5 hours . restaurants within the resort : the cost of food was astronomical .
i saw a lot of comments about it before we left and somehow it did not hit home until we experienced it . . . it is crazy what you will pay to feed a family of 4, 3 meals a day .
and , the taste of the food is not very good and actually seemed worse given the cost !
there were no places within the resort that offered local food .
i kept forgetting i was on vacation because the menu choices were that what you get at home ( but double the price ) .
water park : the water park was supposed to open in december ( which was a big reason we booked in november for a late january/early february stay ) .
well the opening got pushed back several times and it finally opened at 11 am on the day before we left the resort .
due to the inconvenience of the opening day/time , we were allowed in for free .
that was great !
( normally the fees are $20/adult ; $15/child , i think ) .
we spent the entire day at the water park and it is a lot of fun .
i am glad that it was not opened the entire time we were there because the daily ticket prices would have just added to our outrageous bill .
checking out : read your bill extra carefully .
we had a self parking fee on our bill for each day we were there - - and we did not even have a car !
the staff was great about taking it off immediately .
there were also some charges that we did not expect due to taxes being added after we signed off on our bills already ( example : we ordered food while on the beach ; before you place your order you need to show your resort card and give your room # , then , the order is placed on your master bill with the resort .
before you leave the beach for the day , you 'check out ' with the beach staff , and you sign off on your bill .
we would look it over and make sure the right number of drinks/food were noted ; and , then we would add a tip . the total that we would sign off for would be about $45 ( example only ) .
yet , on the last day when the charges were all printed out for us to check - out , that $45 charge would show up as a $49 charge because they would add taxes to the bill after we signed it ! )feeling
trapped : okay , my final complaint - - - i felt like we were stuck on the property ( we did not rent a car due to the expense of rental and parking each day at the resort ( $16/day to self park ) and we felt forced to pay ridiculous prices in order to survive .
there are a few local restaurants within walking distance for adults , but , not for those with small children so we did not opt to walk 15- minutes to try out the food at these places .
overall , we spent an awful lot of money on the room and our meals/drinks and nothing felt luxurious or extravagant . . . it was all very ordinary and we were left feeling like we were ripped off .
it will be nice when it is fully renovated , but . . . we booked a 5 day , last minute getaway to el conquistador for christmas at a great price , or so we thought .
we knew a bunch of people who had stayed there and raved about everything except its location - about an hour away from san juan airport .
so we thought it was a safe bet .
i even did my homework on trip advisor , and noticed that some people mentioned some renovations being done on grounds .
so i called the hotel and asked about that .
two different people told me that everything was fully opened and the only thing being worked on was the coqui water park ( due to open dec 2007) .
first thing i hear when we check in in the lobby ?
first thing i smell ?
but not enough to ruin the trip .
our room was renovated and big and nice and clean ( part of the 50% of the hotel rooms that were available as the rest of the rooms were in fact being worked on ) .
the pools were pretty but 2 of them were closed for 3 out of the 5 days we were there .
the restuarant on the beach ?
virgin burger ( poolside food service ? )
closed for 2 days .
the worst part was that no one at the hotel had a good handle of what was going on .
the front desk continued to tell us things were open when we were standing there and they were closed .
the people taking reservations ( we called to test them ) told us the water park was complete and open !
they did let people in on strict schedules the day we left , but there were still men gluing fake grass on the ground and i would say it was still only 89% done .
( it will be good entertainment for kids when it is finished ) .
the other part that disappointed us was that there was no one there !
yes i know it should be nice to have a huge resort to yourself , but there is something creepy about being the only people in a restaurant at 7:30pm !
the positives : easy to get seats at the beach/pool everyday , the service at restaurants and by housekeeping was very attentive .
maria the poolside server was great she brought me waters all day long ( i am pregnant ! ) while another male server told us he was too busy when we asked him for something !
the hotel did fill up a but more closer to christmas , which made it feel more alive .
the casino was fun but it is hardly the world class gambling mecca they claim it to be .
so maybe we were just there at the wrong time .
the bottom line is it is a pretty place , will be even nicer when it is complete , but do not trust what they tell you over the phone !
it is a quick easy flight from ny , and it 's remote and there is a lot to keep you busy if you do not want to make the drive to san juan .
give it a shot but maybe wait till next winter !
very luxurious , but pricey we stayed at el conquistador for a wedding , so our experience may not be typical .
the resort was quite luxurious , quite beyond what our family is accustomed to .
we had a balcony room overlooking the caribbean .
the children loved the pools and the grounds .
the resort has its own island that you can go to ( about a 10- min .
boat ride ) , which really felt exotic .
the worst problem at the hotel was that the food at the resort was not included , and everything was quite expensive .
there was a starbucks inside the resort which was the most reasonably priced place there .
there were no water fountains anywhere in sight , forcing us to buy water bottles at $7 each .
if you are in fajardo and want really exceptionally good puerto rican food , go to el pasion del fogon .
it 's down the road from the resort .
operating at half - mast it 's a beautiful property , but it 's mostly under construction .
only one pool was working . . . ( out of the seven promised on the website ) the restaurants are great but very pricey ( over $200 for dinner for two one night ) . . . my room reservation was screwed up upon arrival - -did not get the room i was promised , but once i was moved into a renovated room , it was very nice . . .
the private island is also nice , but takes a while to get to via ferry . . .
the casino was working , but the bar was being built ( and no cocktail waitresses ) . . .
the nightclub never opened . . .
i wish i 'd tried the spa - -a friend did and said it was above average .
might be nice once it 's up and running .
dated and faded - not a 5 star !
i am sure at some point this place was a beauty , but is was very dated and tired .
i came with my husband and two step - kids - 12 and 13 - so not looking for super luxury .
the prices were heavily discounted for this time of year - $159/night for a garden room ( we took two rooms ) - but at full price , this place would be a disappointing .
full disclosure - when i travel only with my husband in the caribbean , we tend to stay in what i consider lovely places - jamaica inn and biras creek are two of the last places - so i wasn?? expecting their level of comfort and service .
but an $18 pizza ( see below ) ?
we were in the unrenovated section and had a garden room with great views of the golf course and countryside from the 2nd floor .
the room was very large but the bathroom , although huge , was dated as was the decor . there is a private island for sole use by the guests .
the island was a cool concept with a ferry getting you there in less than ten minutes , but the place is crammed with chairs , cans of drinks laying by chairs by day 's end ( perhaps brought in by people who were not suppose to bring their own food ? ! ? ! ) and a restaurant with marginal , overpriced food .
the main issues - overall decor - paint peeling everywhere , chairs by the pool are old with caked on dirt and need to be replaced - the whole place looks like it is hanging on by a thread .
they are doing many renovations so hopefully in a year or two , they will be back up to speed .
restaurants - outrageously overpriced with very average food .
the one exception was the strip house which was expensive but very good food , presentation and service with a decent wine list . internet access - the internet service was down the whole time we were there ( we needed to get on for work ) .
we left our laptops at home since we were told we could access the internet for a fee .
for a hotel this large not to have internet access in this day and age is nuts .
they let us use the computers in their back offices but this was very inconvenient . check in - they have a check - in time of 4pm and they were still an hour late - so 5pm check - in and the hotel was empty ( according to the guy checking us in ! ) . kids just need a pool and a beach so they had fun but i would not recommend this place for a couple - too many kids and no intimacy . i wish i had better things to write but i wanted to give an honest opinion .
the management , who tried to help us with the internet issue , were very nice but seemed overwhelmed .
lock up your belongings ! !
the resort is beautiful , if a little pricey .
they do have a huge security problem at the casitas .
when the casitas are being cleaned , they open several units at once and leave them unattended for long periods of time .
someone got into our room as it was left open while we were at the private island beach , went through myn luggage , and took a digital camera , its chargers and an ipod and its chargers .
lickily my wife had locked everything else valuable in the room safe .
the resort management was not really responsive to my complaints , and i had to eventually go and demand to see the manager on duty and the security manager , both who basically told me that they were looking into the theft , but they never returned my calls and we left without any action or answers from the hotel .
overall the hotel was nice , service at the restaurants was good , food ranged from bad to pretty good ( the stip house was the best ) .
the private island beach is nice , and the food there was some of the better we had .
i would go to puerto rico again . . but i would not really want to go back to this resort .
i think there are better places to stay .
so , so disappointed first the positive , because there is not much of it . . . the setting is beautiful and the grounds are nicely laid out .
the room was nice .
it was clean .
but beyond that . . . .do not go here .
the staff was at best apathetic and at worse downright rude and unhelpful .
we were often told conflicting information .
there is a dress code suggestion that is a joke as the resort is overrun with what seems to be daytrippers .
late at night entire families are hanging out in the lobby with their feet up on the tables , dressed in cuts off and scrimpy shirts .
that would be fine if the hotel did not try to present itself as an exclusive type resort with standards .
the food was passable , but nothing to write home about . . . . . the spa , again surprising was filled with unhelpful staff and limited supplies in locker rooms .
it was such a disappointment .
missing $150 shoes ! ! reward if found my recent stay at el conquistador was pleasant . . . however . . . . . . . . . right after we left , i realized i left a pair of brand new bcbg stilletos in the room . . . i called immediatly and spoke to a woman in housekeeping who promised to return my call in 20 minutes .
4 hours later i call again , speak to housekeeping , and laura promises to call me right back . .
the very next day i call and guess what ? ?
they say they will call me back .
. . needless to say i never got a call back ! ! ! !
i think it 's a pretty [ - ] thing to do , to me that is like stealing from a guest . . . is not all the money we spent enough
should be called el we will take every last dime you have and do nothing for you from the moment you arrive at el conquistador , the experienced traveller knows something is wrong .
you are told to park several blocks away from the hotel and then you wait in the blistering sun for a van to pick you up and bring you to the main lobby , all of which you are charged $15 a day for .
neither the van driver nor the bell men at the dropoff point assist you with your baggage ( even women and children ) unless you pay them up front . if you stay at las casitas ( the higher end property ) nobody at the main hotel will help you find your way as they appear to not care what happens to that property 's guests .
a cot for an additional guest in your room will run $45 a night and bedding ( comforter ) is not included .
everything you order from the bars has a 20% gratuity already included although the servers do not act like it .
on our first day , four drinks cost us $58.
sandwiches for 3 people was $92.
then once you check out , your bill will undoubtebly have a multitude of charges that you never approved , everything from maid services ( thought that was included in the price of the room ? ) to shuttle transportation that was never provided to parking charges for multiple vehicles even though you only had one vehicle .
and please , do yourself a favor and do not leave the bar without signing your bill , assuming the staff will close it for you .
that seems to be when most of the erroneous charges occur . after returning from puerto rico , i realized my card had been charged $6,000.00
erroneously which was in addition to the $2,000 mischarged while i was there .
when i phoned the hotel to have it fixed , they told me their systems were down and they could not help me .
that was the same answer i received when i was checking out and disputed several of the aforementioned charges they had erroneously applied to my account .
all in all , my total tab was +$16,000.00
with more than $2,000.00 in erronecous charges which again , the hotel could not refund at the time of checkout because their computers were down as was internet in the room the entire time we were there ( great for spouses who want their spouse to focus on vacation , bad for business people who have to keep tabs on the office while they 're gone ! ) .
i can only guess how i will get my money back at this point . to be fair , the views at this hotel are like no other , as is the infinty pool and the private island available for guest use .
the staff are next to worthless in terms of their desire to help you but if you can find a way to not be affected by their inattentiveness , your private moments with your family and loved ones can truly be priceless .
but we had already heard about the financial mysteries that occurred at el conquistador before we went and let me tell you , they are true !
keep all of your receipts and check your final bill vs . those receipts when you check out .
or just go to a hotel that is more trustworthy and avoid the mess altogether .
i beg you , please do not waste your money .
this is the rodeway inn of resorts this hotel/resort is not worth the money we spent to stay there .
this resort is in terrible condition and the location allows them to overcharge on meals and drinks .
i 've seen motel 6 rooms in better condition than this one . we went on an all girls celebratory trip and dished out over 400/night for our room , needless to say we had high expectations but much to our dismay we walked in to our room to find - dirty carpeta dirty bathroommildewdirty floor tileshair and trash in the bathroom and on the floorthe first day we did not have hot water . . . .just to name a few . after speaking to a manager he agreed to let us move to another room .
my friend and i looked at 4 other rooms and they were all in the same condition as the one we had , so we stayed put .
based on their rates and website pictures we had high expectations but we were thoroughly let down .
on a lighter note the service was good in the hotel and restaurants after they charged your lights out .
if you are going to puerto rico please do not waste your money , this is the rodeway inn of resorts . . . . . .seriously .
overbilled at el conquistador we just received our visa bill - - - - - - - on march 23/07 we booked 2 nites with priceline .
then we were there on a convention with clarica/sunlife .
( room 3305) clarica was to pay for our rooms for the 25th , 26th  27th/07.
then we booked the 28th  29th/07 through priceline .
we were billed $550.30
by el conquistador resort on the 25th as well , which should have been billed to clarica .
please contact me as soon as possible .
we live in canada .
1-204-638-0435. murray de la maremurrayd@mts . netroom
3305acct #1008zj 
this place is a joke . . .
this place is a beautiful place run by misfits .
while waiting approx .
45 minutes to check in - one desk person for 30 hot , sweaty people waiting to check in - guests already staying there came in to complain they had been robbed .
another couple complained that they saw one of the maids wearing a necklace that belonged to the guys wife !
shoddy construction done in their remodel - case in point where the tile meets the carpet we stepped on the tacks holding the carpet down - ouch !
the room had not been cleaned .
we did not get the king size bed that we had booked more than 3 months in advance !
we were paying $500.00 per night and we were told sorry you ca not use the infiniti pool because you 're not staying on that side fo the hotel !
are you kidding me ?
i asked the mgr .
about this and his response was essentailly yeah - tough luck - you ca not use it !
i asked him why it 's on their website - and a glazed look came over him as he could not answer it .
what pathetic customer service !
the mgr . should be working at toll booth .
my apologies to the other professional tool booth collectors . in conclusion please do not stay here .
save yourself some money and heartache and find another place and if you go down here sleep with one eye open and screw or nail down everything in your room if you if you leave for any period of time cause chances are it may not be back when you return . . .
outdated and in need of repair .
we arrived late and waited in excess of an hour for marginal service at the desk .
we were then sent , carrying our own baggage to a maze to the funicular - a slow and often broken antiquated devise that was the only way to get up and down the mountain .
this became the bane of the trip .
the room was musty , loud and outdated .
the staff was without a care regarding following up or abilities to accomplish the simplest tasks .
it took no less than 3 trips up and down the funicular to get a credit card imprint .
it was not all bad , however .
the stingray cafe was delicious and the private island/beach was wonderful .
this is not a 5 star experience . . . closer to 3. 
poor quality  attended company convention at ec 24-29 march . firstly , there is no way this resort should be 5* , more like 3* . surroundings pleasant  nice views .
however , massively overpriced ( **beware - 'resort fees '/taxes will add 27% to your bill ! ! ** ) .food hyper expensive  mediocre quality .
room not very clean  service poor .
( shower not working/no face towels available for most of our time - hotel 's laundry equipment not working ) .overall , can be summed up by our initial experience after check in .
arrived to mediocre room .
called reception  enquired any chance of moving to the renovated part of the hotel .
response . . . . . you 're in the renovated part of the hotel !
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .enough said ! p . s . never , ever make an international phone call from the hotel room .
did so ( stupidly )  a one minute call to the uk led to a charge of $70 ! ! added to the overall feeling of being ripped off .
do not mind paying top rates for a top hotel , but this is not one of them ! will not go back .
not worth the money - not a 4- star hotel we stayed in the hotel for a week at the end of february .
the hotel looks great on the website and promises a great deal of value but we experienced quite a few problems whiel staying there .1.
check in - it took us over 45 minuters to check in .
cannot figure out why since the hotel already had all the info from the initial reservations .
people were growing very impatient while waiting .
to top it off , nobody could get room keys for the next 3-4 hours so everytiem you wanted to re - enter the room , we had to call the bell service .
no apologies were offered , i guess it is a normal practice .2.
the room was large , as promised but extrremalty outdayted ( garden view ) with some kind of pasta sauce/ketchup/blood on the walls and the ceiling .
it took me 2 days to get this issue resolved ( they repainted the room ) .
a decent 4- star hotel would give us a different room aoreven an upgrade but we could not even get an apology .3.
the food is very pricey but that was expected .
plenty of cheap local food if you are willing to walk 10 minutes from the marina .4.
the beach is very good , although weekends are very crowded and noisy due to the influx of locals .5.
service in some resuarants is non - existant .
we waited for about 20 minutes just to get menus .
but upscsale restaurants have very good service . we 've been to many 4 and 5 star hotels in us , europe and australia .
el conquistador compares only in pricing but not in service and hospitality .
we wlll defitnely go back to pr but next time we will avoid this hotel . btw , the dive shop on the property is not proffesional either .
making a reservation does not mean anything to them but they would gladly put in danger non - certified divers when they see the money . . . .
brought home bedbugs beautiful setting , but vast hotel and a little impersonal .
okay beach on a separate island that you have to take a boat to ( free , every half hour ) .
the rooms are a little worn .
the worst part was that when i returned home ( after having stayed only at the elcon ) i brought home bedbugs .
and that 's not a joke .
old , tired and lacking stayed over a 4- day business meeting in february .
warning 1 - stay in the casitas and make certain that you get the ocean front room - do not stay in the main hotel or in any non - ocean facing direct view room in the casitas .
to start , you arrive at the airport and the staff are clueless to get you to the long , no - shocks bumpy , co2 odor , ride 1 hour + after a 1 hour wait at the airport to get there .
they have a bar cart on the bus , give you bacardi , then after 4-5 drinks , our riders spilled all over themselves - quite funny .
warning two - once there , you are a captive ; if this is what you want fine .
get off the resort by going down to the marina and left and walk into the little town .
the private island is fine and the transport to and from is fine .
as you expect , drink/food prices are astronomic .
the little shops are ok .
the penny slots and gaming tables are full of people .
lots of business meetings there .
warning three - i said get the ocean front room - our first ocen front - was a dank , back - view of the pool , stained desk and moldy bathroom .
we requested to be moved - they moved us .
the ocean view was great , but then again , the room showed serious sign of age .
the internet access in the room did not work , and neither did the room safe .
staff - there are are lots of them - but they buzz past you on golf carts and when they stop , expect you to tip them .
food was bland over bland - expect 30$ for a breakfast for 2. warning four - if you are looking for a beach front resort , the only sand is the private island - a boat ride away and 6 spaced apart of well oiled chasies .
heard the golf and spa were fine .
the ride up and down to the marina was fun in the little cable car .
lots of tree frogs and little lizards running about .
money , money , money the conquistador is surrounded by a beautiful well mantained golf course .
if golfing is your passion this is the place to be .
there were several of us in our party and some of the group stayed in the newly renovated las breezes rooms which were very nice .
the other half of the group stayed on the other side of the resort which was very outdated and in desperate need of repair .
bring your wallet , your bank card , your credit card and your first born because you will pay an arm and a leg for everything at this resort .
a 20oz . coca - cola will cost you between $2.50 - 3.50.
a peanut butter and jelly sandwich is $9.00.
not to mention the outrageous resort tax and resort tarriff which is an additional $51.00 per day .
there is also a service charge of @20-25% which is a built in tip . what i am most displeased about is the accounting department at the conquistador .
we are still in contact with them regarding charges that should not have been applied to our credit card .
i would have thought that a resort of this magnitude would be a well maintained operation of excellence .
extremely disappointed this is definately no longer a 5 star resort .
this is a distressed property that was recently bought by a new company app a year ago but since the place is so enourmous it will take them forever to renovate all parts .
the place is so huge and spread out that nothing is centrally located to anything .
be prepared for it to take about an hour to actually get to the beach since you have to take a boat to an island .
we had to change our room .
first room was in main part .
i knew the room would be old and musty when i stepped into the elevator .
paint all chipped , etc .
the room was horrible .
smelled old and mildewy .
everything old and nasty .
green scum growing on patio door .
we upgraded to the las casitas and although it was better , by no means is this 5 star or even 4 star material ( $500+/night ! ! ! ) .
you are also supposed to have a personal butler at the las casitas .
well , we received a phone call 3 days into stay to call him if we needed anything .
food was ok and way overpriced .
they ran out of mint leaves for mojitos ( awesome cuban drink ) .
we were here for a conference so a lot of our meals were paid for .
i recommend staying away from this place for a few years until it is completely renovated and even then i still would not stay here .
again - - - way too spread out .
itchy nice hotel , great people working there for the most part .
loved the boat ride and the views .
island was nice but needs more regular detailing .
water shoes a necessity for enjoying water .
nothing to see there if snorkeling ( gotta take a boat trip for that ) .
not the white sandy caribbean sea type beach , but okay .
many storms headed overhead toward el yunque right over the little island on some days ; local boaters park and splash there on weekends . but : too many people on cell phones in too many places where you 're trying to have a relaxing time ; and too many corporate groups .
constant loud salsa beat every minute everywhere was taxing day after day .
are there really that many horn players in puerto rico ?
otello 's ( italian ) was great , but undercooked pasta ruined the meal .
no dentures please .
al dente with pink cement sauce wtih peas ( each pea worth a poker chip ) .
smoky casino with great large tv screens for basketball .
great coffee shop has internet rentals by the hour ( not less ) .
if you leave before the hour is up , people jump out of the walls to get on the computer for free for your leftover time .
more restaurant reviews : blossoms was just ok .
stingray was very good .
watch out for the ten dollar perrier or spring water there and at otello 's .
el caribe was bad for dinner but okay for small breakfast .
las brisas breakfast buffet was great and worth it .
all else was very high ( over ) priced .
save the great petite sandwiches at the coffee shop at the top of the tram .
ventured off the property once for a dinner at ocean view restaurant withinn walking distance from the marina at the hotel .
nice and priced right meal , but shady characters in cars abounded on the dark secluded walk to and from that little circle and beach park with the bio bay operators .
again great hotel .
great golf - - not for beginners .
great hot tub - - but could be hotter - - overlooking the ocean .
oh , i forgot - - the kicker : i left with a tan and a chestful of red bites which broke out at home this morning , three days after checkout and back at the daiy grind .
the mrs . sez they 're bed bug bites .
the room had old carpet , headboards and beds and a large dried blood splatter on the outside topcover sheet on my bed the first night .
the comforter on top was old and pilled .
the hanging art on the wall was made by a junior high art class ?
all in all a nice vacation , however 
okay hotel but definitely not a luxury resort i stayed at this hotel for three nights in mid january for a quick break after a business trip in san juan .
i was a bit concerned after reading the mixed reviews .
after visiting i also have mixed reviews over the property . on the positive side , our room , which was not technically ocean front or ocean view had an amazing view of the golf course , el yunque ( the rain forest ) and a distant view of the water .
definitely better than expected .
the grounds were exceptionally beautiful and the private island was great .
although it took about 20 minutes to reach the island , it was worth the trip .
( later this month they should begin using the new high - speed ferry which will cut the trip down to about 8 minutes ) great , uncrowded beaches ( although i travelled off - peak during the week ) .
there was a great variety of things to see and do and the beaches were great ( much calmer , clearer and warmer than san juan ) .
on the island we saw roosters , hens , rabbits , iguanas and even a stray hermit crab roaming the beach .
the island also has horseback riding , jet - skiing , snorkeling trips and rafts available for rent ( at a cost of course ) .now for the negatives .
while the room had a beautiful room , it was quite filthy .
the bed cover on one of the beds had huge fresh blood stains all over it ( on the inside facing the bed ) and was covered in hair .
when we called to complain we were told that we just should not use the cover for sleeping as it was only decorative .
after arguing with housekeeping for a while they finally removed it and promised to bring a fresh bed cover later in the day .
during our three days , we never saw one brought in .
they just made the beds with the sheet .
not a huge problem but certainly shows a lack of care espeically considering this is considered a luxury resort . the beds were extremely uncomfortable and the mattresses definitely need replacing now .
the hotel is in the middle of renovations and we did not get a newly renovated room ( not sure if any are available yet ) so hopefully the problem will be fixed eventually .
in the meantime get ready for an uncomfortable night 's sleep . the hotel also recently installed an energy saving sensor that controls the air conditioning unit .
this sensor is supposed register when you leave the room and automatically turn down the air conditioning until you return .
the problem ( and one that appeared to be shared by many due to numerous loud door slams we heard each night ) is that it is not very good at sensing when you are in the room .
each night it took several tries of opening/closing the door before it would actually register us as in the room and keep the room at a comfortable temperature .
unfortunately it took us one night of roasting to figure this out .
they should have some sort of bypass feature that allows this system to turn on when you manually adjust the air conditioner ( as obviously you must be in the room to turn it on ) .finally , like many other people indicated the restaurants were mostly overpriced for average food .
especially noteworthy was the $16 basic cheeseburger at palomino island and the $8 mixed drinks served in tiny , tiny cups .
this hotel was ok although the pools and the rooms desperately need some updating .
if you have a bad back or have trouble getting around this place is not for you .
the beds will exacerbate back problems and navigating the hotel requires a lot of walking and climbing .
if you can get a really , really good deal on the place and do not mind outdated , dirty rooms and overpriced food , then you 'll this hotel is fine .
the island was fantastic and for the most part the staff was nice ( with the exception of the person who answered the phone at housekeeping ) .
if not , i drove by the westin and it seemed to be quite nice and was fairly close by .
even better it 's right on the beach . if you go , i definitely recommend renting a car .
a 3 day rental of a compact car cost $73 for 3 days including taxes .
driving was easy ( the drivers are not as crazy as in san juan ) and it provides you with a great deal of convenience .
it is also significantly cheaper than the hotel 's shuttle or a taxi .
there are some great restaurants not too far from the hotel property .
i highly recommend the anchor inn ( take a left when you leave the hotel gates and it will be about a mile down on your right ) .
great food and service !
also , cafe caribe in the hotel had decent breakfast at a reasonable price ( about $8 a person ) .
they also had passable puerto rican food at reasonable prices for lunch and dinner .
a lot to be desired my travel buddy and i booked our luxury vacation in may 2006.
we usually rent a car and explore and stop at a bb or hotel when we 're too tired to go any farther .
however , since we were travelling to puerto rico over the xmas and new year holidays , we decided to plan ahead .
this time she convinced me to let 's splurge a little and stay in a luxury resort and be pampered . . . . . . . . . . . . . .we booked thru expedia .
we thought we had a great deal - r/t airfare from los angeles , 10 days at a luxury resort with a room with an ocean view , and a car . . . . . . . . . . . we arrived at the el conquistador on sat 12/23 after a very long flight .
after a few wrong turns , we finally found it .
the grounds as you enter are truly beautiful .
after a while we see a self park sign - $15/day ; valet park $20/day .
this was the first time we had been advised that parking was another additional cost .
the self park is not convenient at all .
if you rent a car ( and that is a must if you really want to see puerto rico ) pay the extra for valet .
you may have to wait 10-15 minutes to get your car , depending on how busy it is .
we were not allowed to call down and have the car waiting .
not a sign of a luxury 5 diamond resortwe arrived before the after xmas crowd and check in was quick .
the lobby was beautifully decorated and there were musicians singing and playing holiday music .
a porter arrived to take our luggae .
it took at least 15 minutes to get to our room - through the main lobby , past the casino , past the shops , down the funicular and up three flights of stairs .
we stayed in las olas village which must be the oldest village in the hotel .
while the view of the pool and the ocean below was beautiful , getting to the room through the corridor was horrible .
there 's no elevator ( luckily we 're in decent shape and needed the exercise but the poor porter carrying all that luggage ) the carpets were buckling , ripped , and stained - we thought we were in another hotel .
we did not change rooms because we liked the view and the area was very quiet .
no screaming kids .
the room was large but the furniture and decor was 1970s .
the ice machine was about a long hike .
the one on the 2nd floor which was closer was inoperatable so we had to hike to the one at the very end of our 3rd floor .
the ice machine room is also used to store extra beds . . . . . . . . . .another sign that this is not a luxury resort .
the bedding and housekeeping left a lot to be desired .
supposedly , to help the environment , they change the linen every 3rd night or upon request .
i 'm all for the environment so i went along with that time table .
however , when my sheets were changed , a torn pair was put on .
i slept on them because i was just too tired to call housekeeping after a late night .
we were there for 10 days and had to ask several times for refills for shower gel , shampoo , etc .
there was 1 small trash can in the bathroom for the entire room .
the food and drinks are so overpriced .
if you do not have a car you 're trapped and they have a captive audience .
we went to the local market a few times and stocked up on fruit , snacks , and wine .
the food in the high priced restaurants is just o . k . nothing to write about .
we went on two tours - el yunque national forest hike , which was a bit expensive but had a great guide .
we could have driven up there ourselves but it was good having the guide to tell us about things and guide us along the trails . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .which are ok if you are able to walk unassisted .
there is some hiking involved and when you book they do not tell you that or how long the hike is . the next tour we took which is way overpriced is the bioluminescent lagoon kayak tour - it 's pitch black ; you 're attempting to kayak through who knows what for at least 45 minutes - then you 're in a lagoon and you splash around in chilly water , then kayak back for another 45 minutes .
the el conquistador is not a luxury resort .
unless you get a great deal and rent a car , i would not recommend it .
you 've been warned .
this hotel is the worst !
we had stayed at las casistas several years ago and the property was fabulous .
great accomodations and fabulous service , but now that it is owned by blackstone and managed by lxr it is terrible .
although we stayed in a new casita which was lovely , the service in the hotel was awful .
housekeeping was irregular , sometimes there would be turn down service and sometimes not , sometimes we would get clean towels and sometimes not , no mints at turn down , stains on the sheets , stains on the towels , clogged toilets in all of the restrooms , dirty toilet seats , no pool attendant until late in the day .
this hotel is not luxury and they should not bill themselves that way .
service was equivelant to a holiday inn or best western .
beware - there is construction and renovation going on all over the hotel , something that they do not mention when booking the hotel . food was outragously expensive .
breakfast used to be included in the price of the casitas , now it is 20.00 per person for a continental breakfast .
you used to be able to workout in the golden door spa for free , if you stayed in the casitas and now it is 25.00 to walk in the door per person , transportation used to be included as well and now it cost us 264.00 for 4 people roundtrip . they nickel and dime you to death .
do not stay here .
i always stay at luxury hotels . . . .four seasons , ritz carltons etc . . . . this is not luxury .
they have also lost their fifth diamond . this resort is the pits ! ! !
not so honeymoon ! !
where to start . . . . .
when we arrived and self parked the car no one was on hand to help with off loading luggage .
when checking in the front desk was very nice , but did not even tell us there was a bell hop service or even offered to get someone to help us with our bags .
we had to trek them all across the resort and down the tram to marina where we were staying , and this is no small walk at all .
when we get to our room the carpet is coming up and there is was a clothes iron mark in the carpet .
we called them and asked to change rooms , and talked about sending a bell hop this time .
after about a half hour wait the bell hop change us to another room , which was just as dirty as the one we had just left .
then again . . . . . we changed rooms .
the next one that we stayed at air conditioning was constantly making a loud ticking noise .
so after the 4th move to the upper part of the resort and into a smaller room we finally gave up and stayed there .
they only had one tram working the entire time we were there and made it a packed ride getting up and down to the marina to get to the beach .
at one point both trams were down and we had to get a shuttle back around to the hotel .
we rented a car from the hotel and drove to the resort .
you have to pay $15 a day for parking and then there is this older van that shuttles you to and from the resort .
the seats in the van are ripped and coming apart and the door is held on by a nylon rope that you have to pull to close .
the gentleman who drove the van was great and enjoyed talking to him .
there constantly adding on the size of this resort , and it shows that they already have too much to take care of .
the resort is beautiful and there is all most more stuff to see there then on the island .
palamino island was great . . . . loved the beach !
food was great . . . . never had a bad meal .
casino was a great place to play at in the evenings .
would i stay at this resort again . . . . more then likely not .
they we 're not very helpful when it came to the up keep of the rooms and the first night of our honeymoon was ruined by having to swtich to 4 different rooms .
i normally do not trust these comments on here , but this time i should have listened to what everyone had to say . . . . .
el con is a dump the rooms are the equivalent of a run down holiday inn the pools are filthy with broken concrete , moldy chair covers etc .
after seeing 3 different rooms i paid $400.00 per night extra to move next door to las casitas .
the views are good but until they spend millions redoing all the rooms and public areas it will remain no more than a 3 star resort .
worn - out , bad service observed whirlpools with mold , pools that require resurfacing , old very worn rooms with broken decorations and balconey doors that were broken , also broken tram ( funicular ) . . .there are only 2 and one was not in operation . .no sign or warning . carefull
around landscaping in the pool area as several exposed electrical wires were observed .
reservations for dinner were lost . . . even though we called and re - confirmed upon check - in .
bar unable to make mojito ( no mint leaf ) -a signature drink of puerto ricobar did not stock bacardi limon either . -produced
on the islandservice was not a strong point of this facility . .the view is a+++ , the private island is ok , all meals resort priced $$$$ consider this a nice place to stop before or after visiting el yunque for an expensive drink and a very nice view but not to eat or for overnight stay . .should only consider an overnight stay if you can get it for less than $175.00 with all the service , resort and parking fee 's ( the daily service fee 's add up to about $55.00) this resort will be undergoing major updating during 2006-2007. . .may wish to wait till 2008 for overnight stay .
do not bother - expensive , tired rooms , generally not helpful staff we stayed at this hotel a few nights for an event , so it was not our choice of location .
but let 's start with the good things :1.
the grounds are lovely and well maintained2.
the private island and beach there are very nice and worth the boat trip .
there were plenty of chaise lounges and nice facilities on the island .3.
it 's a large resort and can handle a lot of people . now the less desirable things :1.
it 's an hour or more from the airport in modest traffic .
if you take their transportation ( big bus , why bother ) it 's $33 each way per person .
rent a car instead .2.
check - in was miserable .
check in staff was not helpful nor friendly .
same was true of checkout .3.
room are very tired .
do not stay in the marina area .
our first room was large but had no ac .
when we called to have it fixed they moved us .
second room was tiny and needed repairs .
the third room was in the las brisas building on top of the hill which was much better .
it was clean and had been refurbished .
it 's sad that it took that much work to get a decent room ( and hours of our day ) .
4. bell staff is miserable .
90 minutes to get luggage delivered should not be tolerated .
the marina village and las olas were very isolated and you had to take the train all the time ( busy and a delay ) .
it 's ok if you want to go the beach but to have to take it for food , beverages , etc is tiring .6.
everything is too expensive for what it is .7.
food was decent but not great .
we tried 4 restaurants - - all were not what we expected for the price .
by the way - - they are in the process of tearing down one of the nicer garden areas and building a large waterpark .
i can only imagine how difficult it will be to get around on the little trains once that is built . stay somewhere else .
this place is not worth it .
5- star ? ? very disappointing . . . . just came back from spending 2 days at el conquistador .
we were really looking forward to our stay there for which we had really high expectations .
for a long time , we had heard so many great things about this hotel so we were really disappointed when we got there .
from the moment we pulled up to the valet ( $20/day ) we realized that we were not staying at a 5- star resort .
noone bothered to greet us , much less help us with our bags .
my husband had to go look for someone to leave the car to . . . . . lady at the front desk was just average not very service oriented .
we went to the infinity pool at the casitas where they did not have any towels available , we asked the attendant twice and he just responded that they were out .
the gentlemen did not bother at all .
if you are not familiar with las casitas , they are villages within the el conquistador complex and they average nightly rate is around $600 or higher . . . i think towels in the pool should be included at that rate .
overall , the serivce was awefull and definitely not what you expect from a 5- star resort .
the rooms are completely outdated and in dire need of a rennovation .
also , do not expect to watch tv in bed as the tv is set up on a wall where it makes it impossible to watch from the bed .
have not they heard of pull out shelves that tilt to make viewing possible ? ?in conclusion , the concept of this resort is great but they need some serious work .
service is lacking and rooms need to be updated .
needs tlc ! ! jsut got back from memorial day weekend and have to tell you that the rooms in this hotel are not only dated but in terrible need of attention .
i understand they were recently bought by lxr and hope that they invest what 's needed to revamp this property .
our a/c did not work well and they had a lame excuse for not washing bed sheets .
according to a postcard they tell you that they are environmentally sensitive and that if you do not place the card on your bed they will not change them . . give me a break ! ! ! food is ok but expensive .
palomino island ( the beach ) was very nice .
the pool had loud local music and too many kids ! !hope this review helps a little .
el conquistador hotel and spa no way jose ! ! ! my wife and i have been all around the world and have grown accustomed to resorts that actually meet their 5 star rating .
the el conquistador did not ! the room we had , located on the sixth floor facing palomino island , was outdated and no way could compete with the splendor of the ocean view . the fixtures , furniture , and clothes drawers were pre 1980.
the handles fell off the drawers , even after a resort maintenance employee spent several hours attempting to fix them . the overall rating on this room should have been a minus star !
the staff were outstanding , friendly but not very expeditious .
things took a while to happen . the golf course on the other hand was magnificent .
the course is well maintained from tee to green .
the arthur hills design was difficult from the back tees , though subtle and negoiatable for my wife , who played from the ladies tees .
the fee was rather high at $165.00 per guest ! the food no doubt is grossly overpriced .
the casino provided just one texas holdum table which was surprising considering the three nights i played , potential players left frustrated that vacant seats never became vacant .
made money at the table !
be prepared to pay outlandish prices from usa today $3.70 to $16.00 for a simple hamburger at palamino island , to over $200.00 dollars for dinner for two at isa belas . you must have a rental car , otherwise you are stuck at the resort with limited things to do .
palamino island is nice but not more than two times .
in closing i suggest waiting for the major rennovation to reach completion and maybe then you will not be confronted with the 3 inch roach that spent the last night with us , much to our disllike .
could not catch that little sucker , finally decided to sleep with one eye opened .
spectacular views and high prices how much are breathtaking ocean views and a slice of a pristine , private beach worth ?
my husband , 18 year - old daughter and i spent six days on a spring break at the resort april 8-14 and think the key words hotel management communicates are : captive audience .
we had a wonderful time but by the end of our stay our ears kept ringing from the constant cash register that went off each step we took on the grounds .
for those who take a budgeting vacation with their physical vacation , this review may be irrelevant .
however , if you want some details on value for money , please read on : first , the garden view room we booked was , including taxes , $350 a night ( two small double beds ) at an aaa discount in los olas .
our room had a spectacular partial view of the caribbean ( we got lucky ? ) , a walk in dressing closet ( nice touch ) and large outer br area ( sink , vanity ) .
the room istself was dirty .
the carpet had not been vacuumed in quite some time ( debris , dirt ) and the sitting chair had decaying something - food ( ? ) debris on it .
during our six day stay our room and los olas hallway and stair carpeting were never vacuumed nor did we see or hear a vacuum in any part of the hotel .
the entertainment center in our room was broken and never got fixed ( phone call put on hold - i gave up waiting ) .we are glad we rented a car from avis on site ( nice touch ) as we had a great time exploring el yunque on our own ( no guide needed ) and old san juan .
renting a car in san juan for the entire trip would be recommended ( save a bundle on food alone ) but one needs to consider the hotel charge of $15 a day to park on their grounds .
the room price does not include the $66 per person one way shuttle fee ( not advertised ) to get you to the resort .
for three people - add $400- k - ching !
when we arrived we were told our luggage would meet us at our room .
four hours later we phoned the concierge and asked for our luggage as we wanted to start our vacation ( swimming ) .
it arrived 20 minutes later .
we began wondering : is the view what we 're paying for ?
the hotel cuisine : forget the hotel food .
it 's mediocre and way overpriced .
we were not in a hurry and i 'd like to be kind .
the truth - the service was often negligent and indifferent .
a better idea is to rent a car and get to the nearest wonderful local restuarant : passions , anchor inn , lolitas , the brass grill , the open air roadside diners and bakery at the yunque junction are far better for taste and value then anything the hotel offers .
if you want to experience puerto rican cuisine ( we did ) , the resort does not offer it .
it 's not unfair to say the hotel prices are absurd .
the cheapest breakfast i had was at david 's cookies - a walk up counter - $9: one bran muffin - $3, one dannon yogurt - $3, and one 16 oz ( no refills ) coffee - $3.
compare this to starbucks ( david 's coffee tastes like watered down hills bros . ) at $1.70 and a similar muffin at $1.65.
at the local bakery three of us ate six delicious local cuisine pasteries and three cappacinos for a total of $8.
stir fried plantains were $1. we ate a wonderful dinner of steak fajitas at the brass grill for one third of the price of similar steak entrees on site .
dinner and dessert at stingrae 's was $167 for three people .
the best parts of the hotel were what came with the room price : the beatifully manicured , lush grounds , the spectacular ocean views , the boat ride out to the private beach , the private , quiet beach itself , the nice lounge chairs and beach towels .
we also liked the ability to rent a catamaran and snorkel ( fun ! ) .
however , the idea that this resort offers something different for weeks on end is overrated .
it 's more like going to disneyland and deciding which ride you want to go on again .
a next time at el conquistador ?
i 'd rather spend a week on a spectacular pacific coast beach looking out from my $150 a night spacious room !
it needs the upcoming $75 million renovation - but we had a great time my husband and i spent last week at the el con and , overall , we had a lovely vacation .
however , as past reviewers have remarked , the rooms are in sad shape and the service is touch - and - go depending on who you get .
with respect to the rooms : upon our arrival , although we had reserved a garden view room , they had upgraded us to a ocean view room , which was a very nice room but for what my husband labeled the dinginess factor . . . cracks in the tile , rust in the tub - stuff that happens in a bathroom used everyday for like 15 years . . . we were not thrilled .
when we walked around the grounds and took the funicular down to la marina village ( a sea - level village at the bottom of the funiclar ) we decided they looked newer .
we went back up to the front desk and requested a room change - which they accommodated with no problem .
there are many , many children at this resort and it is utter chaos up at the main hotel all the time so if you want something a little quieter , check out the marina village .
another plus is that its steps away from boat guests take to the private beach island the el con uses . . . be forwarned , however , if you like to have a cup of coffee on your balcony first thing in the morning - its not that easy to do from marina village .
there is no place to get any breakfast stuff without going up the funicular - which sometimes has a line of guests from the main hotel going down to the boat for the beach . . . but that 's your preferencethe food : the food at this resort is grossly overpriced for the level of quality - plain and simple . . . (and that 's coming from a new york city resident where everything is overpriced ) .
we had the breakfast buffet on our first morning there and yes , it was good , but we did not go back b/c , personally , i do not eat $40 worth of breakfast any day , nevermind everyday .
we would grab a muffin and a cup of coffee and head to the beach .
one day we rented a car and busted out of the compound ( as we affectionately called the hotel ) and drove to old san juan and ate in a great place there - the parrot club .
another night we took a cab about five minutes away to another local place which was good also .
be warned , though b/c a cab for about 5 miles cost twenty dollars each way ! ( they do not want you to leave the compound ; ) overall , i 'd say that since the weather and our relaxation was more important than the food ( to us ) it was all palatable . . . but if you 're looking for gourmet - you wo not find it here .
the service was inconsistent .
like the gentleman at the front desk our first night who was helpful and friendly , the service was nice .
however , we encountered a woman at concierge that really irked me .
we went to make three reservations for dinner for the week .
and on the paper where she wrote them down , she had the day of the week with the wrong numerical date - so when we asked her for which date the reservations were , she was blantatly annoyed we corrected her - excuse me ? like , how dare us ask her to fix it .
and , for the record , she had effed up all the reservations and made them on all the wrong days . . . i was not asking for her to apologize , it was a simple mistake , but to be overtly angry at me for asking her to change it ?
unprofessional and unappreicated . . . we were deciding b/w the ritz in san juan and the el con before our trip and , based on past ritz experience , you can bet your a$% that the concierge there would not have treated us that way .
on a separate occassion , however , a different woman at the conceirge desk was very nice - so , like i said , inconsistent .
the wait - staff appeared overwhelmed most of the time , but friendly , so i felt bad for them more than annoyed that they were slow . .plus , its vacation - we did not wear watches so who knew how long we waited for stuff ; ) the good news : according to an employee at the el con , next month will begin a $75 million overhaul of the property with about $35,000 designated for each room - the renderings of the new rooms , etc . , were in the lobby and looked very nice . . . we will certainly go back at some point to see how it turned out . . . but not until then .
if you 've got a vacation planned - no worries , we had a great time . . . the views are great and its nice to be way outside the city - feels sort of off the beaten path . . .
the weather was spectacular and , overall , it was a relaxing experience , which is the point of a vacation , right ?
el conquistador , puerto rico - - needs face lift !
the el conquistador hotel in puerto rico sounds fantastic on paper ( guide books ; travel magazines ; etc . ) , but unfortunately does not live up to all of the hype . after landing and heading to the shuttle bus , we anticipated a short ride from the airport to the resort (30 miles per the website ) .
no where did it mention that 30 miles in san juan translates into a 2 1/2 hour drive during heavy traffic drive times .
after a 4 plus hour flight ( from dallas ) being stuck in a shuttle for another 2 1/2 hours was draining to say the least .
the driver did his best to make us feel comfortable on the ride ( rum was included ) , but it did not make up for the unanticipated delay in reaching our destination . when we arrived at the resort , we were made to stand in a long check - in line with only one hotel employee working the front desk .
surely they could have radioed ahead during the 2 1/2 hour drive to let them know that we were on our way .
there were only three couples on the shuttle bus . . . .how nice would it have been to arrive to an efficient check - in process that would allow us to get to our rooms and decompress after the long travel day ? !
no such luck ! we were shown to our rooms and were immediately disappointed at the overall lack of cleanliness as well as the shabbiness of the furniture in the room .
sections of the curtains had fallen off of the rods and the ceiling was covered in mold ( from the humidity ) .
upon entering the bathroom , the smell of urine hit us in the face .
fortunately , we had brought spray disinfectant with us so we were able to eliminate the smell , but the general icky - this place needs a good cleaning - feeling prevailed .
the floors did not look like they had been vacuumed recently and the walls desperately needed new paint .
it is important to note that we stayed in the rooms that were considered some of the nicest on the property .
they were water front and were approxiately $400 per night .
for this rate , we were expecting very nice accommodations .
not so in this case . on a positive note , the resort has a very comprehensive list of amenities - golf , spa , numerous restaurants , casino , disco , etc .
the convenience of not having to leave the resort to eat and play was a big plus .
shopping at the resort was varied and fairly resonably priced as resort shopping goes .
the food was above average with only one meal being a disappointment - a steak dinner at the sting ray restaurant .
the steak was overcooked and overpriced .
and , the wait staff was hurried and not very attentive .
but , i 'm happy to say that the rest of the resort restaurants provided fairly tasty food at a decent price . another bright spot was the island shuttle service , restaurant and facilities .
guests are shuttled from the resort to a private island for beach time ( no beach is available at the resort itself ) and the commute is a pleasant , 20 minute boat ride .
the island itself is lovely and clean - with beautiful beaches and water views .
there are plenty of lounge chairs for guests and the drink/food service on the beach and in the restaurant is friendly and prompt .
a real treat are the island bathrooms .
they are spotless !
in fact , much cleaner than the bathrooms at the main resort .
kudos to the maids who keep those sparkling ! ! ! overall , my travel companion and i were disappointed in our stay at the el conquistador .
for the price , we expected more luxurious accomodations and employees who were more focused on customer service .
i think a face lift ( room renovations ) and training for the resort staff in better customer service ( the island staff should be exempt - they do a great job ! ) would go a long way in improving the experience for vacationers at the resort .
beautiful setting , fair service we just got back from our first visit to puerto rico .
the beaches and water are absolutely beautiful .
the el conquistador has such potential , but for almost $400/night we expected much better service than we received .
like so many other people have mentioned , there was a convention there with 1800 people , and it sure appeared that they were getting the royal treatment .
however , for the average person on vacation , some of the staff seemed to be bothered by the fact that we might need to check out , or order lunch , or whatever we happened to be doing .
we requested a room in las vistas , based on recommendations by other travelers , however we got a room in las brisas .
the view was stunning , but it sounded like there was a subway running up and down the hill during all hours of the night , due to the funicular ( trolley ) that transports people up and down the hill .
it totally ruined the serenity of such a beautiful setting .
i 'm not sure if you could hear it from other locations throughout the resort , but it was a real drag for us .
if you do plan to spend some time there , consider the fact that you will need to budget more than you 'd expect for food and beverages .
for 2 pizzas ( enough for 3 people ) , 2 beers and a sprite we paid over $50; a burger and fries : $16.
the food was good , but expensive .
we ate outside of the resort most of the time .
do not get me wrong , we had a great time in puerto rico .
the surroundings of the hotel were beautiful , it just was not worth the money we paid to stay there .
we will go back to puerto rico , but not el conquistador .
el conquistador a resort in decline .
i recently returned from my third visit to the el conqistador resort in puerto rico and clearly this is a resort in decline .
the rooms were fine but service in all aspects was deplorable .
we had two rooms in bldg . 3 and neither were cleaned properly for the week we were there .
toiletries were replaced seemingly based on whatever the maid had on her cart .
we 'd get 5 mouthwashes but no shampoo , conditioner but no soap , decaf coffee and no regular .
one of my sons dripped ice cream on the floor in the bathroom which i did not notice until 3 days later .
obviously the maid did not think the floors needed cleaning .
one of two elevators did not work the entire week .
there are boats that ferry you to the private island which is very nice .
of course one of the boats broke down delaying our return to the hotel .
in sting rays we waited over an hour for our dinners and finally got them only after i threatened to leave . we had approx .
$250.
taken from our room as did another party in our group . one guest was billed $200.
from a restaurant he never visited . the pools were shut down early one day so they could set up for a large group that was having a party .
needless to say the kids were not happy . i arranged for 20 people to take a tour of the rain forest only to arrive in the lobby at 8:30 and be told we did not have a reservation .
the concierge did a wonderful job in finding us a bus quickly so it did end up well .
the list goes on and on .
there were persistant rumors that the hotel had new owners and that they were going to put millions into the resort in 07.
i 'll wait to see if that happens and then consider returning .
it really is a beautiful location and the golf is supposed to be outstanding .
without a change the el conquistador is off my travel list .
not the wyndham el conquistador resort my husband and i stayed at the elcon resort the week of 12/9 thru 12/17/05.
at the time we made our reservations the hotel was advertised as a wyndham resort ; however , upon arrival and check - in , we were told that the hotel had been sold 6 months earlier and it would not honor any wyndham rewards or specials such as wyndham by request , etc . interestly enough , everything in the hotel ( pens , menus , guides , soap , shampoo , writing paper , etc . ) still has the wyndham name and logo on it !
in fact , if you go to the wyndham website , it still lists the elcon as one of its hotels .
nevertheless , the hotel will make no effort to accommodate those who are under this false impression - -an impression which they ( the current owners ) have done nothing to change .
additionally , although our room was completely prepaid , at check - in we were also told that we must give them our credit card , which would be charged a minimum of $1,000 up front for any incidentals we might incur .
( fyi : should you decide not to charge anything to your room account , your card is still charged , you do not get a refund at the end of your stay , but rather , the hotel will refund your credit card approximately 2-3 weeks after your departure ! ! ! ) it has always been my experience that hotels keep your credit card on file as a sort of quasi deposit until check - out - -at which time you can chose whether to have that card charged or pay in cash , or whatever for any such incidentals .
perhaps this charge is common in the resort hotels , but again , i have never experienced it anywhere else .
in any case , when i refused to give them my credit card for that purpose , they insisted i leave cash in lieu of the card .
again , $1,000+ .
nowhere in any literature about the hotel , on the website , or at the time of my reservation was there any small print or mention of this charge .
after much back and forth , we agreed to leave $400 for possible incidentals .
( be sure to get a receipt , because even though they have all the information on their computer , they will not refund your money without your receipt ! )after all of this , when we did try to charge our breakfast to the room , we were told we could not - -that we were on a cash only basis .
we then would have to go to the front desk and go through the whole process again with whomever was on duty .
i will say that for the most part , the staff was very polite and even apologetic throughout ; however , the management was quite the opposite .
as others have mentioned , the hotel discourages you from leaving the property unless you go through the hotel for car rentals , tours , etc . essentially , you are in resort prison .
we asked one of the concierges about getting out ( to the town of fajardo ) , and were told it was a 5-10 min drive or 20 min walk .
we chose to walk and found out that the 20 min was more than an hour to get to nowhere !
but we figured okay , we would just take a taxi back .
what we later found out and what she had neglected to tell us was that fajardo is closed on sundays and there is no taxi service !
about the only thing open ( besides church ) was a subway shop .
so we got a sandwich and headed back ( on foot ) to the resort .
about a half hour into our walk we were fortunate enough to get a ride from a woman returning from church , who informed us that we were lucky we had not gotten robbed ( or worse ) as we were walking through a really horrible part of town !
( the road , by the way , the concierage suggested we take . )our
next trip out we rented a car from avis , which is located in the lobby of the hotel .
however , do not rent a car through the hotel !
if you rent a car through the hotel , you will pay about $100/day .
we went to the avis site online ( from our room ) and got the same car for $59.95/day .
and forget about the tours the hotel offers .
besides being overpriced , they also cancel the tour if there are not 6 or more people booked . lastly , on our final day , we checked out and brought our luggage to the front of the hotel to meet the hotel 's airport shuttle .
we were told our luggage was safe , and so we left it there and went to one of the shops in the lobby to pick up a few gift items .
we later found out ( at the airport ) that was not so .
our ( very expensive ) laptop was now missing .
we called the hotel , were transferred all around the hotel - -to shops , front desk , and finally security .
they could not have been any less interested .
we called several times , and finally reached someone who said they would look at the security videotapes and get back to us .
it has been weeks .
we have heard from no one .
our calls do not get answered or returned . having said all that , on the brighter side of things , the weather was , for the most part , very pleasant .
we stayed down at the marina , which was private , quiet , and had a beautiful view of the ocean .
of course , the only way up to the hotel is by the funicular/cable car , which is nice when working .
( for a few days , one of the two cars was out of commission . )
it would be smart for the hotel to put in a staircase , if for no other reason than for emergencies when the power is out and so are cable cars .
anyway , it did not much affect us , but there were many times when guests from up top missed the boat to the island because there was only one car in service .
and although the boat to the island is supposed to run every half hour , it was randomly changed to every hour . being down in the marina , we were able to escape the resort and walk to a less glamorous part of town and get some good local food at reasonable prices .
we found a little bodega , and were able to get some snacks and cervezas for less than the $100 we would have paid at the hotel ! our room was clean and comfortable enough ; although the decor was like something out of the 80's .
the bathroom was huge , lots of marble , and spotless .
the maid sersvice was fine , although it took three days to get a coffeemaker that worked .
having visited puerto rico before and all the usual sites , we were not looking to be entertained this trip , just relaxed .
so , staying down at the marina satisfied that desire .
when we wanted to go somewhere like san juan or old san juan , we rented a car . personally , i would not recommend this hotel at this point in time .
one would think that as new owners , management would do everything possible to make their guests ' stays great and memorable .
instead management treats the guests as though they are doing them ( the guests ) a favor by letting them stay there !
so rather than having a great and memorable stay , one leaves with just a memorable one - -and an unfavorably memorable one at that .
unless you are being paid to stay here , do not we stayed at the el conquistador from december 20, 2005 through christmas day .
i am a travel agent , and would not recommend this resort to my clients . upfront summary : unless you have very low expectations for quality and service and have very , very deep pockets , i would not recommend a stay at the wyndham el conquistador .
it is a 2-3 star resort with 5 star prices .
lxr luxury resorts purchased it about 6 months ago , however , there are severe management/operational problems with the resort . the hotel is about 30 miles from the airport , and takes about an hour and a half to travel to the hotel .
you can arrange for a shuttle from the hotel ( call ahead to arrange this ) .
this will cost $32 per person each way . the hotel looks great from the outside , but don?? look too closely , otherwise , you will see the circa 1960 veneer .
the common areas are showing wear , and the guest rooms , although large , have definitely seen better days . the hotel grounds are expansive , and there are guest rooms spread all over the resort .
depending on your room location , it can take you 20-30 minutes to get to the main lobby , incorporating a couple of elevators and the funicular ( trolley - like vehicle ) .some of the issues we experienced : -air conditioner didn?? work properly - housekeeping extremely inconsistent : rarely replaced coffee/creamer/soap/washcloths/towels - asked for an extra luggage rack twice (5:00pm and 6:30pm ) .
finally arrived at 10:30pm - refrigerator in bathroom had a puddle of water in the bottom of it - light bulbs were burned out - bathroom floor dirty - dust bunnies in corners - lumpy bed - we made a list of room problems and brought it to the front desk .
they did finally send housekeeping and engineering down to fix some of the problems . -a
ceiling tile fell down in room ( narrowly missing my husband as he was exiting the bathroom ) - 3 days into our stay , the front desk called and offered us another room .
when asked why we were being offered another room , the front desk didn?? know .
we refused , fearing it would be worse than the one we had .
we found out later that it was because they couldn?? fix our air conditioning . -we
received turn down service twice ( the day after our complaint and christmas eve ) .
we aren?? sure if we were supposed to get turn down service every day , or whether management was trying to make amends .
in any case , it was inconsistent service , and the maid complained the whole time she was in the room . -it is a $40 taxi ride ( one way ) to the town of fajardo (5 min away ) ; $110 taxi ride to old san juan ( one way ) .
we found out that the hotel apparently charges the taxis/sedan drivers a fee to service hotel guests .
the hotel should at least provide a free shuttle service into fajardo , since it is so close .
you get the impression that management doesn?? want anyone to leave the resort property , since they make it very expensive to do so .
a number of guests made the comment that they felt like ??risoners? ? -if the hotel doesn?? have at least 6 guests signed up for a tour , they cancel the tour .
we were cancelled twice for the old san juan tour . -cost to rent a car at the hotel for the day is a whopping $100.
this is through avis .
you would do better to rent a car at the airport . -you
can?? be in a hurry if you need to take the funicular , which is needed for rooms at the lower levels , and to get to their private island .
the funicular doesn?? always stop at the las olas level ( middle level ) , even if you push the button .
there is no other way to get to the main hotel level .
- management did send people to service our room after complaints , though in many cases , it took 2 calls to get them to service the room .
many other guests had similar complaints .
the couple of times we made comments to managers , they shrugged their shoulders as if they weren?? surprised . -they
have a free workout room on the las olas level ( there is also a workout room at the golden door spa which costs $25/day , if you don?? have a spa service that day ) .
however , much of the equipment and tvs were broken , and they don?? offer headsets for the tvs . -expect to pay very high food prices on the resort .
for example , a hamburger ordered through room service is $21 ( which includes all the fees and taxes ) .
- the resort charges an additional 22% for resort tax and resort tariff on top of your room charge .
make sure you figure this into your final room charge . -examine
your room bill carefully ( keep all of your room charge receipts , if possible . )
there were a number of discrepancies on the bill - all in the hotel?? favor .
be careful to always fill in a total on each receipt you get , otherwise , it will be ??illed in? ? for you , and not always with what it should be . spa issues : -when waiting for spa services , they consistently got husband?? name/gender wrong even though his name/gender were correctly listed in the reservation system .
once , the spa staff didn?? even show up for my husband?? treatment ( even after i told technician that he was a man and was on men?? side , not the women?? ) .
next day , i had to send my spa technician from the lady?? waiting room to the men?? waiting area to make sure that he got his service . -many of the showers out of order - no shaving cream for either men or women - no razors in men?? spa - toilet paper gone in most stalls - poor maintenance or servicing ( most times the water pitchers were empty ) , and the spa is generally dirtyon the good side : -they had free holiday drink and food tastings beginning dec 22nd for the holidays .
unfortunately , they only had enough food for the first 45 minutes , so if you got there late , there wasn?? anything left . -it
appears to be a good resort ( in theory ) for families , since it is self - contained , and has a number of pools , golf , horseback riding , tennis , etc .
that is , if you can overlook the other issues . -the
wyndham el conquistador does have a private island , with a ferry to the island every half hour .
the island is very nice , and is a good place to relax .
it is the only place on the resort to ??o to the beach? ?
however , if one of the ferries has to make a cargo run , you have to wait an hour for the next one . -two of the better values in the hotel restaurants are bella vista caf? ( near the main pool ) , and sweet corner ( at the top of the funicular , in the promenade ) .
decent food and good prices .
stay away from caf? caribe .
the food is overpriced and not very good . -most of the staff is pretty friendly , with the exception of management and the maids . -if
you get a chance to go to the el junque rain forest , and they don?? cancel the tour due to insufficient participants (6 people required ) , this is a great experience .
also , the tour van driver recommended pasion restaurant in fajardo .
we were able to arrange for the van driver to drive 6 of us ( to keep the transportation price down ) to the restaurant that night .
definitely worth it , though it is mostly a tourist restaurant .
we split a 2.5 lb lobster with sweet plantains , a bottle of wine and a salad for $94.
if you have a car , or can get reasonably priced transportation , you should visit this restaurant .
it is a 5 minute drive from the hotel . -if
you want local food , without the resort prices , take the funicular down to the marina , walk past the parking lots , down a dark ??cary? ? alley to the area outside of the resort , where the locals hang out .
there are a number of ??hacks? ? serving
the ocean view is one of the better ones .
the food is reasonably priced , and you can get some good local food . in the main lobby there are architecture drawings indicating that the hotel will be undergoing renovation in 2007/2008.
although this will take care of the d?cor , the management problems will probably still remain . bottom line : unless you are being paid to stay here , don?? , or wait until renovations are complete .
in either case , expect to pay top dollar for your stay .
it 's a bad as they say !
we just returned from staying here four nights for a convention .
the majority of what has been written about this hotel is true .
our first room was a disaster : 1st floor over a service road with trucks doing landscaping , delivery , etc . room very tired  worn , no key for the safe , missing lightbulbs in 3 of the lamps so this already dark room was like a pit .
room was fairly clean but with a musty smell .
to the hotel 's credit , they sent someone fairly promptly to fix the problems .
we asked to change rooms the next day  the woman at the front desk was very pleasant , understanding  helpful they moved us to a higher floor on the opposite wing .
it was just as run - down looking but much brighter  everything worked .
be aware : even though this was the wing off the front of the building , there is still a long walk to get to the main bulding for meetings , restaurants , etc . try not to leave anything in your room .
the spa is excellent - enjoyed several services there .
there is an excellent fitness center in the spa but it costs $25 per day to use if you 're not having a treatment .
the hotel 's fitness center ( free ) is very small but has sufficient equipment , it 's down the hill so you need to take the funiclar to get there .
in fact , getting anywhere in this hotel requires lots of walking or elevator/funicular combination .
not a good choice for anyone with mobility problems .
but the worst part of the experience was how expensive everything is !
i live near new york city  am used to high restaurant prices but this was outrageous !
all the restaurants are horribly overpriced  the food is mediocre at best , $28.95 for pasta at othello 's for example .
i would not mind paying if the food was outstanding but it 's not .
breakfast in the cafe caribe was horrible .
the buffet breakfast in the retaurant is $22 but they do not tell you that you can have just the cold buffet for $17 or that you can order a la carte .
an earlier review mentioned the nickle  diming  it certainly is true .
however , i was able to pay cash for coffee at david 's cookies  in the shop .
you are charged a $24.95 per day resort tarriff  a $24.95 per day resort tax on top of your room rate plus $3.00 for maid service .
palomino island is beautiful  well equipped but a huge pain to get there .
on a positive note , we found the staff to be helpful  for the most part friendly .
the grounds are gorgeous  the views are lovely .
the blackstone group has bought the hotel but they have a huge task ahead to make it into a 4 or 5 star property .
for a convention it was tolerable , but i would never , ever stay here on my own .
the death of a great resort . . .
at one point in time , this probably was thee place to go , but not anymore .
the views , the landscaping as you drive up , the fountains , and layout of this resort are gorgeous - but it doesnt make up for the serious flaws .
it is truly a shame that the staff and management have this beautiful establishment but are letting it decay before their eyes . flaws : -overpriced food (22$ chicken and cashew nuts at blossoms ; 8$ for fried plantains - 4 pieces - plaintains sell 4 for a dollar down the street so they just made 7.87 on you ; 15$ fruit platter ; steaks run over 35$ ) - jaccuzzi 's dirty , chipped and cracked ; only half full with luke cold water ( same temp as the pool ) ; there were dozens of centipedes in one of them - front desk staff - snooty and rude ; he made me feel cheap by saying very loudy in front of others that i get less - of - a - room b/c i booked on orbitz - he also continuously called me by my last name only even though i corrected him to say miss or call me by my first ; he did not instruct me how to get to the room ; -no activities when it rained .
no shows , or coordinated activities ; the only pool table we found was in the cigar bar ; my friend and i resorted to playing air hockey in the very cramped children 's game room - even the casino was small and pricey since they no longer take coins - you end up spending more than you want to ; -bed was very uncomfortable ; - a/c went out during the storm and did not go back on - they 're response was that it 's the tropics , this happens - the tours they offer are extremely overpriced - el yunque is free ; horseback riding is 20$ half a day down the road ; old san juan is an hour drive ( cheaper to rent the car for the day and drive there ) this is a resort , a place to re - sort and not worry about anything ; not think just do - and this was not the case .
the conceriege was the only helpful person around ( she pointed me to my room and gave me maps to el yunque and san juan ) .
i strongly urge you to not choose this hotel , and if you did change it .
we stayed when it rained a great deal so it is possible that i 'm jaded but still their should be more for your money .
if you do go here , i urge you to rent your own car ; bring your own games/activities ; eat out often ( el mason down the street is great for breakfast and lunch ; the loquitto kiosks are good for lunch and dinner ; we found a nice restaurant in don pepe on 3 west and el ranchero ) ; if you drink - bring it in .
the gas station on the corner of avenue conquistador and rt . 3 sells beers , liquor and wine ( not a huge selection though ) or buy it in the duty free shop at the airport .
do not be shy or lazy in asking for a room change if there is a problem .
overall , i would not suggest staying there , there are dozens of other beautiful hotels in condado , old san juan , isla verde for much less money .
a disappointment i have been to puerto rico and stayed in san juan hotels on several occasions .
i found these to be more luxurious than the el conquistador . i eagerly anticipated my trip here despite the reviews .
because of a pharmaceutical convention , all guests were subjected to an hour an 45 minute check in after a non airconditioned ride arranged from the airport which , it seems i paid for twice and as of yet , have been able to resolve . once we arrived at the check in desk , we were told that it would be at least two hours before we could check in as it was check out time and rooms would need to be cleaned .
( this was at 2pm - - hotel policy says check out is at 11) we attempted to get lunch and were ignored at the outdoor cafe and then went to cafe caribe where the hostess wipe the menus off with a rag and on to the floor .
so while i ate my 40 lunch consisting of a cheeseburger and fries and kids chicken fingers i got enjoy looking at someone else 's tomatoes and lettuce on the floor .
finally our room was ready .
the accomodations at las olas appeared pleasant .
however , as we were unpacking hair appeared on the floor near the refrigerator .
( we were women and children traveling ) .
the hair was also noted on the shower stall walls and on the bathroom floor .
in addition , it was spotted in folded towels .
i have never been so repulsed . never once did we walk in our room our shower without shoes after that .
clearly , the room had not been vacuumed or cleaned after the last guest left .
not what you would expect from a 5 star hotel . other complaints were the ambivalence of the staff .
i would not say they were rude , basically they ignored or humored you .
called for more towels , and they never came .
asked where i could buy bandaids and was assured security would bring them right down and never camefinally the unclean pools and lack of policies at the pools needs improvement .
we were swimming at the pool one evening when a guest allowed her infant to swim diaperless in the pool .
no rules posted prohibiting this but we got out and did not return . overall the scenery is astounding and palamino island is nice but the facility caters to large groups and is indifferent to the individual .
you can definitely tell staff considers it just to be a job .
additionally , the facility is filthy , overpriced and offers little to do .
disappointed ! my family stayed at the wyndham el conquistador from august 2nd through august 10th . this resort could be awesome ( the views are spectacular ) ; but it is poorly managed and not very well maintained ! we joined wyndham by request which provides a welcome amenity ( stale peanuts ) and our package was the family getaways .
the kids eat free off the children?? menu ( warning : not every restaurant is included and the mexican restaurant at las olas had closed down ) !our room was within the las olas village .
everyday i had to call to ask for the bathroom to be cleaned ( or cleaned again because it was still dirty ) .
we had to take the funicular to get anywhere .
at first this was cool , but after a few days it got tiresome . we went to david?? cookies ( and left ) ; the display case had bugs flying around inside the case with cookies , pastries , etc??uck ! palomino island is nice .
you must wear water shoes .
there is coral and rocks everywhere .
also , watch out for jellyfish . some of the pools had mold on the sides and all chairs had bird droppings . every dining bill was wrong ( overcharged for kids - eat - free , mistakes , etc ) !
my wife and i would check our folio on the tv every night and we would have to call for an adjustment . the gym at las olas and the golden door spa was good and well equipped .
the marina village had a small playground and a basketball court . our children ( ages 7 and 4) went to the kids club a few times .
they have trained/certified counselors and the kids go swimming , arts  crafts , movies , playstation and they get lunch . we had walked around la casitas village and went to the infinity edge pool a few times ( beautiful and unbelievable views ) !
the food is good ( not great ) .
the portions are small and very overpriced .
the service is horrendous !
we saw a couple after 20 minutes leave because of no service .
at times , our server would disappear and i would have to go find him/her to ask for a menu , order food or to get another drink .
how can la casitas be a five diamond resort
we ate at their french restaurant one night and our server brought the tray with our main course next to our table and had walked away !
after ten minutes , i got up and ??erved? ? our
own dinner dishes .
they charged us a 20% service charge for that too ! this is not a 4 star resort (3 at best ) .
it could be 4+ , but the workers are poorly trained ( service is very bad ) and the property is not well maintained . don?? use the hotel or concierge services for sightseeing .
get info and maps from them .
you can $ave money and rent a car and see the rainforest and old san juan yourself .
also , you can walk to the town for the kayak guides to the bio bay .
ask for captain suarez if you want to take a boat instead of the 2 hour kayak tour . my family had an enjoyable vacation , but my wife and i were very disappointed with the service and cleanliness !
not a 4/5 star report - not close i 'll start by saying we did have a great time largely due to the company around us ( we had a wedding party ) and the fact that the actual location and scenary are incredible .
where the resort falls very short is on facilities , service and prices . physical location : the resort is located on a bluff overlooking the ocean and docks at roughly a 300ft drop .
the view from rooms facing the ocean are incredible .
water clarity is great and it very much looks like a page out of any carribbean ad .
the golf course could be great but it 's a bit undercared for with dry patches .
palomino island is a great beach but it 's a bit of a trek to get to and fro .
there 's a ferry (20-25mins ride each way ) that is free , though i understand they used to charge for this .
it takes some time if you 're not an early bird due to lines .
miss a ferry and you 're waiting 45mins before you board the next .
add it up and it 's at least a 1/2 day event to go to the beach .
do not forget anything in your room as it wo not be convenient to take a trip back . facilities : the actual hotel is kept clean enough to look good in pictures .
however that 's where it stops .
it seems that this resort is at the end of it 's lifecycle and that significant investment is required to bring this back to it 's potential as a 4 or 5 star hotel .
bathrooms show wear , many fruit flies , mosquitos and nats in rooms , mildew smell in some rooms , visible cracks in drywall and waterstains are not uncommon .
pools are in reasonably good shape but show signs of aging .
knowing it 's a tropical resort , they need to take the precautions to keep pests to a minimum .
for example it very common for restaurants/hotels to put a bit of clorox in drains every night to prevent bugs and is very effective .
in addition , we did see waterbugs/cockroaches in the hallway .
in one instance , a guest had left their pizza in the hallway after room service - we had a chance to witness rats eating the leftovers .
do not know who to blame but that 's not acceptable for any resort claiming to be a 4/5 star destination .
also , they do need an upgrade to the funicular ( horizontal elevators that get you to sea level ) need upgrading or other options , including stairs . service : rude across the board .
from the moment we got on the shuttle ( took 3.5 hrs due to some traffic and rain issue ) to the casino ( had horrible odds at craps table vs . vegas ) .
virtually every interaction where service was subpar ( which was often ) there was a take it or leave it attitude .
one you 're there , you a captive on the resort and it seems they know it .
the service issue was consistant with much of the service outside of the resort so it might just be that it 's a puerto rico thing however a resort should be able to raise the bar within their confines to differentiate , especially at the prices they charged - which leads me to my next topic . prices/value : they do know you 're captive .
drinks range from $6 for beer to $8 for a margarita .
dinner at the restaurants were roughly $45/entree .
the gouging begins with rules such as $20 surcharge for sharing entrees .
$65 for a 2 hour late check out (2pm ) - $100 for a 4pm late checkout .
this is inconsistant with the island time approach to check - in where your bags wo not find you for another 2 hrs after you get off the shuttle .
they should at least be consistant with how they approach these issues .
it 's largely ok for them to make you wait but it will cost you dearly to make them wait at all .
all this with occupancy at 50% on checkout date .
at the end of the day , the itemized bill they gave me at checkout was incomplete .
it should $1700 of charges .
my credit care is showing $4400.
i waited 20 mins on hold to get a person that could help me .
they reluctantly agreed to fax me the entire itemized bill and said i 'd receive it in 20mins .
it 's been an hour and i 'm still waiting by the fax machine .
btw , internet connections are $14.95 a day - not free as advertised . additional features : restaurants - good food .
japanese steak house good but overpriced .
all restaurants require slacks - but the japanese steak house had a few pair of loaners and there was no additional charge ( amazing ) .
i was skeptical but they were nice slacks and served the need .
considering the ac in the restaurants , i can see why they require slacks ; - )regular steak house was good as well .
all the higher end restaurants actually had good service .
nice change of pace . cafe on the main floor which we used for breakfast was overpriced and service was of the usual rude caliber .
trust me , they definitely believed they were doing you a favor .
food was acceptable but things like a fruit plate ( requiring freshness ) was of surprisingly horrible quality considering this is the tropics .
i have better quality produce in denver , co . scuba divingvery mixed results .
first day was great with a two great service - oriented dive masters from europe .
scored high on safetey .
great quality - great local captain .
this propmted us to to an all day event where our group sponsored a dive trip to culebra island .
one dive master on the trip ( main land american ) spoiled it .
from safety to attitude , she put the entire party at odds with her .
net/net , she had an attitude and she was loose on safety .
we had 3 resort certification divers with us and she actually swam away from the group she was responsible , leaving two to fend for themselves .
on the second dive ( which was not the originally planned site but due to her own laziness , she made a decision to dive where we had lunch ) she swam with the certified divers .
two of these were on their first open water dive and one resort diver ended up with our group .
after i repeatedly let her know that two newbies were at 500psi ( you start at 3000psi ) , she kept swimming with no sign of moving to surface .
again at 200psi , i really had to grab her an show that they were nearly out of air .
she put one on her secondary , and kept swimming without interlocking arms .
this is usually done to make sure that her movement does not jerk regulator out of her buddy 's mouth .
in this case , the diver had to keep up with her .
as if that was not enough , she jerked eradically when she saw a fish she wanted to see , nearly yanking the air out of the diver 's mouth .
for the other newbie diver ( who was not from my party ) i had to put him on my secondary and bring him up .
when we got to the surface , she was the one that was pissed b/c no one told her of their air issues .
i 've been diving for some time and have never seen such neglegance .
that was bad . bio - luminscent kayakingexpensive but very cool .
resort outsources this to another private company .
all went well .
you do need to be physically prepared to kayak a bit through a pitch - black but calm stream to the lagoon .
big problems with wyndham rio mar we just returned from a 5 night vaation booked through cheap caribbean .
this resort is in real trouble .
the resort is very pretty and well maintained .
but here are the criticisms :1: we booked a 2 bed room .
upon arrival we were told that they were out of them .
upon my refusal to accept one bed , miraculously , they found a 2 bedded room .2:
other than the breakfasts , which were pricey but good , the food was a big disappointment .
one major restaurant , shimas , was closed during the entire stay .
the major italian restaurant , palio was a big disappointment .
they charge through the roof for really ordinary food - and at times lousy food .
for example , i ordered an osso bucco over risotto .
my culinary experience tells me that risotto should be soft and creamy .
this rice was crunchy like nuts .
when i complained the waiter infomed me that the chef said the risotto was properly prepared , crunchy .
the other restaurant offered just , average over priced hot dogs , burgers , dry chicken breast concoctions , etc . 3: shops .
i needed some over the counter medicine .
and i needed it badly .
the sign on the convenience shop listed the hours as 9am to 11pm .
i went down at 9:30 pm and it was locked shut .
i went to the desk to complain .
they told me that the shop closed at 7pm .
when i told them about the sign , at first they did not believe me .
i had to go over to the shop and snap a digital photo of it and show it to them .
their answer was that good old shrug of the shoulders .
since i needed the medication , i asked them to shuttle me to the drug store in town .
they refused and i had to pay $15.00 for a round trip taxi .4:
last but not least was the rip - off i discovered upon check out .
the night before check out i went to the desk to check my bill .
the bill included 5 days parking charges and taxes .
i did not have a car .
it also included round trip airport shuttle , even though i had prepaid it through cheap caribbean .
the clerk removed them from the bill .
the morning of check out i received an express checkout packet on the floor of my room .
i checked it and there again was the $240.00+
charge for parking and airport shuttle .
now i was fortunate that i read the express checkout rather than allow them to just put it through my credit card .
there was a large crowd there attending a meeting .
the costs were obviously picked up by the expense accounts .
i wonder how many of them left with express checkout with those extra charges not checked . obviously , we will never return to that place . morton covitz 
loved the service . . . but . . . dec . 5-9the trip was a great price through hotwire . .which was a great trip organizer !
the resort was beautiful !
i cannot say enough about the cleanliness of the grounds , the pools , the rooms . . . everywhere there was someone working inside and out . the food was outstanding in palios , as was the service . . . hector , our waiter , was superb and we enjoyed our evening with him !
the only complaint was the meager wine list , of which from four choices they were out of all four . . . but graciously made up for it with an expensive wine at the lower price . the grille was another matter . . . poor service , poor atmosphere , the meat was good , i . e steak and chicken , but little else to commend it for the price . a big complaint was on our third night .
at 2am there were a group of drunken partiers outside our room in the kiddie pool .
we called security and they did chase them away .
alas , they came back and after 3am we called security again .
they did not show up again to remove the drunken young adults .
at 4:45am , my husband went down to the pool himself , i called security .
my husband ended doing security 's job . . . but we lost a night 's sleep .
we were reimbursed , but the sad story was that the young adults said security only showed up once and security claimed they were there twice ? ?bottom line . . . the prices are outrageous for food , services and the spa .
next time i will do an all inclusive as the over $1000 extra i spent would have been better served .
there were positive things that i mentioned .
but i would not return . . . too far out of the way of anything to do .
great resort , lousy food and service we stayed here for a conference/family vacation .
the resort grounds are very nice and well kept .
we were always in the family pool and enjoyed it , although i wish there was a swim - up bar .
my 3- year old enjoyed the pool and feeding the iguanas a couple times .
the beach is not clean at all , but the water was clear and the lounge chairs are nice on the beach .
we had an ocean view suite , and we could barely see the ocean .
it was so damp in our room that we asked them to either fix it or move us , and they sent someone up to look at the room .
that person recommended we just turn the temperature down lower .
the room was quite disappointing , given that we paid more than $300 a night .
it was small and outdated .
the food at the hotel was absolutely horrible , except for the pizza and burgers .
we ate at 3 of the restaurants and were not impressed at all .
we enjoyed los antejitos though , which is only a 5- minute drive away .
the only thing worse than the food was the customer service , which was completely absent .
we rented a car and drove into old san juan , which was fun , and went to the outlet mall , which was very nice .
we also went to amigo to purchase water and snacks and i would recommend that , as prices are high in the hotel . overall , this hotel is overpriced and the service was terrible .
the grounds were very nice and the weather was great .
they charge for everything !
this hotel had a very nice pool area and the beach was a few yards away - no lifeguards on the beach so be prepared .
the hotel did not offer all - inclusive and it showed .
breakfast for two adults and two children would run at least $90.00.
the kids programs are not free they cost about $65.00 per day and to say the least was empty most days .
they have no water sport activities on the beach but do offer excursions .
they have nothing to do at night but sit by the bar and listen to piano music or a cd being played on the equipment .
on the island , be patient service is slow .
old san juan was very nice if you like cobble stone streets , vintage stores and old spanish style store fronts .
the rain forest was interesting as well the way the ecosystem works is amazing !
so if you are going to this hotel rent a car and get out and do something because the hotel is boring and overpriced !
by the way do self parking with the rental because they charge about $30.00 for valet .
lastly , the city of fajardo has a wal - mart which is a few minutes from the hotel .
beautiful property , poorly managed we stayed at the rio mar over memorial day weekend ( friday - wednesday ) .
we arrived on friday night around 11:00 and were told that there would be a 'minor inconvenience . ' since the hotel was apparently overbooked , we had to stay in the living room of a suite on a sofa bed for 2 nights .
the living room was closed off to the bedrooms , but we could hear everything on the other side of both doors .
when we finally moved to our king room , we woke up with bites all over us the next day !
as if the room had fleas in addition to the ants coming from the cracks in the walls !
i called house keeping and they told us they were 'sorry for the inconvenience ' and would change the bedding .
they did not change the bedding .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
puerto rico was beautiful and we will be going back , but not to the rio mar ! ! !
rio mar needs a staff meeting !
we went to puerto rico as kind of a last minute idea .
we had filed for my kids passports but we knew they would not be back in time for spring break .
so , we started researching areas that did not require passports .
read a ton of reviews and decided on the rio mar .
i had read that it was expensive , so that was not a surprise .
we did not get a car because we have 3 young kids and felt it would be more trouble and time/money saved just to use the resort facilities .
ouch ! one of our dinners ended up being around $400 for a family of 5- - that 's not with teenagers either .
mind you , my husband did order a nice bottle of wine .
i really think rio mar should offer an all - inclusive program for those who do not want to venture off property .
in fact , for the amount they charged us , it should have been all - inclusive .
anyway , here are my problems .
first , we arrived at the hotel around 3pm on a friday and like other reviewers , our room was not ready .
according to the front desk lady , our view would be worth the wait .
we had to wait about 1-1/2hrs .
we had not had a proper lunch so we went to eat to pass the time .
then , i had paid high dollar for this trip and spent extra for an ocean view .
although we were on the 7th ( top ) floor , we only had partial ocean view due to being at the end of the east wing .
we did have a full frontal view of the lovely ( ugly ) roof equipment though . . . . . service is very inconsistent here .
one day on our way to dinner we had to go to stop at the front desk to inform them that our room had not yet been cleaned - -it was 6pm !
i also handed the front desk lady ( wish i had got her name - -she was shocked that our room had not been cleaned and very apologetic ) a list of a few items we needed in our room like another blanket for the baby crib , some shaving cream and a nail file and the bathrobes that were suppose to be in every room to begin with .
she did not do her job either .
i had to ask 3 different people and finally got some service by directly talking to the housekeeping gal on our floor .
we received turn - down service 2 nights but not the other 3.
i almost felt that if you did not slip these staff people a tip , they would do nothing to help you .
one of my biggest problems was the beach .
my family loves the beach .
we arrived on friday , march 21 and the beach was just atrocious - -that 's not an understatement .
the water was unswimmable and the beach was disgustingly littered ( yes !
garbage people ) and hoards of seaweed , driftwood , rotten coconuts , you name it .
this did not get cleaned up properly until tuesday , march 25.
i tried to make excuses for them like saying it was the holiday easter weekend and maybe they were understaffed .
apparently , they had bad storms prior to our arrival but for a property of this calibre , there is no excuse for such shoddy property management .
once they did clean it up , we all had a wonderful time playing in the ocean .
another time the front desk woman ( wish he had gotten her name - -it was probably the same gal as i dealt with - -eek , or could there be more ) was rude to my husband when he needed to have another key made for our room .
the pools are nice .
the water slide is great fun for the kids .
i would recommend to people with young children that they wear some sort of water shoe though .
my 2 yr old slipped and hit his head really hard while playing around the kiddie pool area sprinklers .
rio mar should really address this problem because i saw many people wipe out , including a few adults . i guess i 'm done . . . .i do want to compliment the concierge desk .
i did have excellent service from louis and eric .
thanks guys - -and i did not even have to tip them .
service not included the total lack of service , constant delay in delivery of food , and unresponsive staff , followed in the end by erroneous billing with a staff reluctant to address mistakes , made our stay less than gratifying .
every singly meal involved a substantial delay between ordering and food delivery which , when traveling with children who are hungry , is simply not acceptable .
even when alerted at the inception of the meal , or prior to sitting , that we needed an effort at dealing with the issue , we were met with reluctance , resistance , a and a total lack of accommodation .
this caused every meal to be unpleasant .
the rooms were nice , if a bit small , and the pools were more than adequate .
the spa facilities were small .
despite the lack of the ability of the staff to address any request in a timely fashion we were also billed incorrectly and had great deal of difficulty resolving the mistakes .
the bottom line is we were underserved and overcharged , not a positive experience .
only ok when we arrived , the hotel had our reservations wrong , although we booked directly with them .
with confirmation in hand , i showed them the two couples had reserved king bed rooms .
they had one king reserved and one with two queen beds .
it took them over 30 minutes to find a second king bed room and check us in . . . not the best way to start a vacation . while we were waiting for our rooms , we went to lunch at the pool restaurant . . . . . . .4 people , some wings , some salads , some drinks . . . . . . . . . . . $150 plus tip , and the food was not great . .then there was the rooms , they were holiday inn quality , the bathrooms were old and did not have a seperate shower , the furniture was nothing special , the balcony was very small with two little metal chairs and a small round table .
we were all very disappointed with the rooms . the beach was beautiful , large and not crowded .
the breakfast buffet was very good .
the staff was lovely .
except the front desk , where incompetence ruled .
both couples bills were wrong , had to be corrected no less than three times . i would not return to this hotel , definitely not worth it .
expensive hotel property is beautiful .
heres the problem , if you want to pay $8.00 for a 10 ounce beer then this is the place for you .
after we checked out they charged me $300 more than my bill said .
i have tried to contact the hotel but can never get through .
played golf once , they charged me twice also not worth $175 for 18 holes .
food is very expensive .
would not stay here again .
at best average , poor service , overpriced stayed for 5 nights .
we were there as part of a large group and at the end of our stay , everyone ready to leave .
the positives : nice lobby , room good sized , good quality bed , tasty food , reasonable beach by pr standardsthe negatives : very poor service , poor housekeeping , pricey dining , areas of hotel dated and/or poorly maintained , small pool for the size of hotel , minimum bar service at pool , long way from alternative diningbiggest problem was dining and service .
for example , we ordered in room breakfast and our food was incorrect every morning ( missing silverware , missing second coffee cup , wrong food , no salt and pepper , wrong order ) .
others in our group went to the steak house on the property and waited three hours for steaks that were not properly prepared . in general staff are curt and appear poorly trained .
housekeeping unable to respond to requests to provide the standard in - room coffee that comes with each room .
mulitple problems with check out .
hotel not well maintained .
ice machines broken on serveral floors .
when we complained , no offer to provide us with ice .
clearly , not resort level amenities/service .
at best a three star hotel and beach with two star service .
we would not return .
imprisoned in puerto rico the hotel was nice and the grounds beautiful .
we enjoyed our room but agree that sound proofing between rooms in this high end hotel was nonexistent .
the staff was courteous and friendly .
however we felt like we were imprisoned .
the hotel is remote , set on a large property , one hour outside san juan .
the only cabs available are through the concierge and charge $30 to go down the road 5 minutes , $80 one way into san juan ; the only rental car company available at the hotel is avis and they charge $70 per day for a compact ; no other company will deliver a car to this remote location .
the food at the hotel was mediocre especially given the price and you really do need to go elsewhere to eat .
as other people have written , the water is very rough and often difficult to swim .
i would not recommend this hotel .
bring your wallet if you want to eat there .
my husband and i booked a long weekend here in september , rolling the dice on hurricane season , but it turned out fine .
there were daily downpours , but when they were done , the sun came out and it was fine .
i had booked this hotel before reading the reviews , so i was a little apprehensive after reading them .
i had not rented a car , i thought we could just hang out at the resort and eat our meals there .
well , it being hurricane season , there was generally only one restaurant open each evening .
the shocking thing , though , was the cost of the food !
a hot dog , i kid you not , at the beach bar , was $12!
the food was not even that good , and i 'm not fussy .
we ended up taking a taxi offsite for dinner because we really felt like we were getting ripped off .
we live in the boston area , so it 's not like we are not used to pricey restaurants . they did upgrade us when we arrived , and so we had a one bedroom villa that overlooked the ocean so that was great .
of course the hotel was half empty , but still it was nice that they did that .
it was very spacious and the hotel staff did a good job . we did not have any issues with any construction while we were there , and in fact the only big event was the opening of the casino . all in all , i do not think i 'll return here .
we 've been to lots of different hotels in puerto rico and this was not my favorite .
not my scene i was here for a conference so did not choose it , but i was looking forward to the beach and some winter sun .
the hotel is set in fine grounds with attractive pools and a long sandy beach .
however , the sea was very rough and it was not possible to swim in the sea .
my main gripe is over the rooms .
they are a good size but have two large beds which take up all the room .
one king bed and arm chairs would be preferable .
the first room i was given was at the back overlooking an ugly roof with loud noise from the air conditioning system .
i asked for a move which was arranged after asking three times and was given a room with partial sea view .
the air conditioning only blew ice cold air keeping the room at about 62 degrees so i had to turn it off as despite my complaining nothing was done .
it was so cold at first that when i opened the door to the balcony the whole room was enveloped in condensation .
the other problem was the lack of sound proofing between rooms , and i was kept awake one night until 2 am by next door 's tv .
all my colleagues were disappointed with their rooms at the back overlooking car parking or flat roof areas .
definitely make sure to book a sea facing room above the third floor . the restaurants were pricey , especially for wine which had exorbitant mark - up , and the food in the asian restaurant was disappointing , whilst the palio italian was good . the location is less than ideal being so far from san juan so that a car is really essential .
the hotel shuttle is expensive and i paid $50 to go into old san juan . overall i found the hotel too big and i missed having anything else in the vicinity which meant being tied to the hotel restaurants .
below average we have just returned from a 12- day vacation at rio mar beach resort .
we have previously stayed at the ritz - carlton in isla verde .
however , as the ritz changed their pet policy ( we like to travel with our 4.5 lbs chihuahua , bruiser ) , we figured that we would give rio mar a try even though it is a little far from san juan . we rented a car at the airport .
the driving instruction that the hotel provided was very clear .
we also brought our gps with us , which worked great ( we highly recommend it ) .
once we entered the hotel property , however , there was no clear sign for the hotel lobby .
so , we got lost and ended up on the condo side , and the hotel employee had to escort us to the lobby area . check - in was relatively efficient .
we got to the hotel around 12:30 p . m .
because our room was not ready , we killed time by having lunch and sitting at the beach up until about 3:00 p . m . once we got to our room , the electronic card keys did not work .
so , a maid who happened to be around on our floor had to let us in .
from then on , different hotel employees kept knocking on our door ( six different times within approximately one hour ) .
finally , we got a little annoyed and we asked for a do not disturb sign .
i think that this is the only hotel we ever stayed , which did not provide the do not disturb sign in the room .
we had to ask for it twice , once to the turndown service guy and the concierge . our room was located on the second floor on the west wing .
if you can , definetely ask for a room located on the higher floor .
there is a bar around the lobby , and especially on fridays and saturdays , the music is very loud and the noise will keep you awake if you are an early riser like i am .
in fact , a couple staying on the same floor was moving to the higher floor , because they wanted to get up early to play golf the following day .
another thing that we were not happy with was that we could hear other people talking and laughing in the hallway in the middle of the night from our room .
this woke us up a couple of times , especially over the weekend . we have to say that the room itself is average .
we stayed in the room with partial ocean view .
not sure whether this is worth it , as our room was facing the east wing of the building .
we could see the ocean only from the balcony , which was not that impressive .
the bed was very comfortable . the hotel property , however , is nice with a long beach .
we spent most of our time sitting at the beach .
this is not , however , the prettiest beach we 've seen ( we 've been around all over caribbean ) .
one thing to note is that during the winter season , the ocean is pretty rough .
so , you will not be able to go into the ocean unless you use the pool .
they had a red flag out the whole time we were there , which means you cannot swim in the ocean .
we thought that the hotel should have kept the beach cleaner .
we noticed that there was a track going by one day on the beach attempting to pick up stuff from the beach like seaweed .
but , the driver was just going around in circles , not picking up anything .
this went on pretty much from 9:00 a . m .
till about approximately 10:30 a . m .
this type of work would be completed by 8:00 a . m . at other resorts that we stayed in the past , so that the guests will not be disturbed .
so , we were annoyed by the noise and the smell of gas when we were trying to relax at the beach .
we are from manhattan .
so , the whole purpose of our vacation is to get away from unnecessary noise . with regards to the hotel restaurants , food was average like any other hotels , with the first class restaurant prices .
it was a good thing that the breakfast was included in our package .
otherwise , buffet will cost you over 60 dollars for two including tip daily . the best restaurant at the hotel was the grille room located in the golf club house .
food was very good and the service was excellent .
but , since we had a car , we drove to our favorite restaurants in san juan .
we definitely recommend pikayo located in museo de arte de puerto rico , santurce ( make sure that you are well dressed , as this restaurant is quite fancy ) and marmalade in old san juan .
both are absolutely excellent . with regards to other resort facilities , fitness center was no thrill .
it 's very small and in my opinion , quite depressing .
during our 12 day stay , some cardio machines were broken and never got fixed .
the area for free weights is extremely small , maybe enough room for 3 people . swimming pools are very nice .
but , avoid the acitivity pool if you want peace and quiet , as there were too many screaming kids . finally , a night before we were to check out about 9 p . m . after our dinner at pikayo in san juan , we went to the front desk to obtain a copy of the bill .
the front desk person explained to us that there was an issue with the credit card and now we are not allowed back in our room .
two nights prior to this , we received a letter that the hotel did not have our credit card information .
this to us was very strange as we provided our credit card with $50k credit line when we first checked in .
it turned out that they were confused as we made our reservation with amex and we subsequently provided our mastercard .
but , initially , the front desk person made it sound like it is our fault , when in fact , it was a hotel system issue .
to us , this was totally unacceptable , being incovenienced by not allowed back into our room , with our poor dog waiting for us in the room . overall , we are not sure whether we were totally happy with our experience at this hotel .
plus , if you like to eat at great restaurants , this location is way too far .
although it is approximately 20 miles away from san juan , driving was extremely painful .
most of the ways to san juan will be on route 3, which have too many lights ( people tend to sleep at traffic lights in this area and do not move right away even after the lights change to green ) .
we always thought that san juan had psychotic drivers .
but wait till you get to this area .
there will be whole bunch of drivers racing from one red light to another , constantly cutting people off without signaling .
so , for people like us , who like to go to san juan for dinner , this was too stressful .
as stated above , we both drive in mid town manhattan .
so , we are used to very aggressive driving . finally , would we come back to this resort ?
we definitely cannot say that this was our favorite vacation spot .
the only reason we will return is if we cannot find any other place which accepts small pets .
stay but beware !
my wife and i celebrated our 15th wedding anniversary in seperate beds .
we booked our room through expedia and requested a king bed .
upon arrival we were given a room with two queen beds .
we sleep in a king at home and were unable to sleep in the same bed in the hotel .
bumping into each other , down conforter was too hot . . .
we called to complain and were quickly dimissed by the front desk person , claiming , there is nothing we can about this , i 'm very sorry .
end of story .
i asked for the hotel mgr and got his assistant , benjamin .
he explained a few things and offered to keep his eye on a king room should one come available , it never did , not even a call .
so i suspect that booking through expedia was not apealing to them so they chose not to give us the room but another guest .
the valet staff is not good at doing there job .
you almost have to instruct them in how to do it properly .
the staff is in need of proper trainging in how to charm guests into falling in love with the property and its ambience .
rizt carlton / four seasons style . the restaurants are ridiculously under cost food wise .
i wo not complain about price because the price points are fine .
the quantities/quality are no where close .
i 'm not a quantity focused person .
i recognize quality , i 'm a chef  restaurant owner .
on a good note , the grounds are spectacular .
the tennis courts are very nice .
the beach is very private and well kept .
overall , the tangibles are good the intangibles is where they need to improve .
we did not like the local restaurant antojitos puertoriquenos , very overpriced for dinner .
the owner worked for the resort as a tennis pro , he must 've gotten tips on how to gouge customers from the food  bev .
go to palmer bakery for a real experience , it 's rough around the edges but the food is spectacular for what you pay .
the pork , roasted chicken , the sandwiches , yucca , its all great .
it 's across the light on the way to el yunque , right past the gas station .
the service is as gracious as it gets .
good cheap pastries also .
rent a car ! rent a car ! do it at the airport . ! i called ahead for a pick up at the airport and they sounded so nice over the phone , si senor , no hay problema . . . wham $240 for four people r/t ! ouch , i was livid .
no mention of this at all when i called two days earlier .
i canceled the return trip and rented a car .
do it at the airport its easy and fast , we used budget , $173 for four days . old san juan is a total rip off when it comes to food , its pretty mediocre and the prices are stupid .
el toro salao is pathetic , no exageration .
do not go .
a great restaurant is ramiros .
you will love everything about it .
exceptional service , spot on saucing and excellent desserts . la parilla in luqillo is pretty good .
the fruit shakes at the little stand up the road in el yunque are really good .
you 'll see the cut - outs for photos and a small gift shop .
richies restaurant up a ways from the resort alon 968( ? )
i think has a great view go for lunch , not dinner .
stay away from the hilton , not good .
well i hope i 've helped , we will be back .
oh , go horseback riding , book through the concierge .
also do not miss el yunque , unreal !
a old time resort with no management this is older , but comfortable resort .
it 's also in the middle of no - where , except entering north side of the rain forest .
the trips to old san juan are long and a tiring drive , likewise visiting the prettier east side of the islaind is 3-5 hours each way .
the hotel 's management is entirely absent , for example : 4 hours of 2- stroke leaf blowers monday around the pools , concrete drills starting at 8am on the relandscaping project thursday morning , half dozen kids screaming in the pool at 1-2 am in the morning two different nights , ( really ) , they lost our car , the staff directed us to hotel restaurants that were closed , the casino is closed - for months , the beach and pool equipment is not cleaned , pa system blasting music all night into the courtyeard because someone forgot to turn it off when the bar closed , and on and on .
you can have a very comfortable and enjoyable stay , but it is one of the worst run resorts i 've visited .
watch out if your room is by the pools , although the signs say they close at 8pm , they are 24/7 and that means big fun between 11-3am to alot of people .
inept management and service the hotel is staffed by incompetents and personel who will promise anything to get you to go away but deliver nothing . long lines at the front desk always . at check in the clerk will promise anything about the room .
of course i wanted a room with a water view .
that was unavailable to me .
i did state that i did not want a room overlooking a garge or parking lot and that is what i received .
i did complain , and my room was changed to a slightly better room overlooking the cars pulling into the hotel entrance . housekeeping did not deliver towels as promised twice . the pools were not filtered enough and there were floating small pieces of debris in the water . a shame because the place is truly beautiful .
it is just not run properly .
very disappointing i stayed at the rio last month and coudlnt believe this is classified as a westin .
this is further from the westin than i hope to ever experience again .
other than the fact that the resort is extremely isolated , the resort iteself has its serious pitfalls .
we had one out of four days where our room was not made up .
friends of ours had 3 out of 4 days without their room being made up .
and no they didnt spend theirs days in the room .
we were up and out of our room by 10am only to return at 5pm to find the room as we left it . every restaurant is a rip off , and the food extremely disappointing .
unfortunately there is nowhere else nearby so you are forced to waste your money on what they offer .
the concierge sent us by shuttle to a restaurant slightly away from the main hotel .
only to arrive there and after waiting for 15mins they told us the restaurant was fully booked !
no organization within the hotel .
we saw this pattern over and over again . we rented a car from avis who has an office on site .
a $5 per day parking rate was offered due to the rental car , and when i reminded the front desk agent about the discount she was nothing but rude and demeaning and refused to budge .
overall the lack of customer service is really frustrating and extremely disappointing . i would advise you to pick somewhere else .
beware : they did not honor my reservation !
( and conquistador is better ) i had booked a ocean - front room for my honeymoon one month prior to arrival .
upon arrival , they said they were unable to honor my reservation and gave me a much lesser room .
we left and went to the conquistador which was great !
for the same price , conquistador was twice the hotel - service too - and a cool little island .
the westin may otherwise be a nice hotel , but not for me , and not compared to its neighbor .
dirty , a ripoff , never go again my husband and i just got back from the westin rio mar puerto rico .
we chose this hotel because we had stayed at westins before and they were very nice .
it was a celebration of 25 years of marriage , so we both wanted it to be very special .
when we got there , it looked gorgeous , the lobby was very pretty and the staff seemed nice enough .
the water was very inviting , they promised us that our ocean veiw suite would be ready by the time we got there .
we didnt arrive until 3pm .
it was not ready , we went and had a bite to eat , one hour later went back to the desk and it stillwas not ready .
after 2 more hours they finally said that they had a room ready for us .
they brought us to a side veiw of the garden and two small beds room , with black stains on the bedspread , urine on the bathroom floor and dirty underwear under the bed . what a horrible dissapointment .
25 years of marriage and they not only gave us the runaround but overcharged us for everything . they tried to make up for it after we contacted the main headquarters by giving us a free diner .
a bottled water is $5.00, a beer is $6.00 and just to give ou an example of prices of food , a hamburger is $15.00 and a steak at the grill resteraunt is $53.00.
it was overcooked and we could not eat it , a plain pasta was $36.00 they food was not very good at all except for the italian restaurant .
i would not recommend this place to anyone , we played golf , the courses were very pretty but we got stuck behind a fivesome on the back and had to quit after a couple of holes .
it costs $150.00 per person per round .
the beach was nice and the water was rough but beautiful .
i would only go back if they changed their entire management and gave us a free trip , 
shady scene we arrived at 4am and check in took about 20 minutes .
first they did not have us arriving until the next day , until we had a paper copy of the confirmation .
it seemed like a ploy .
we planned the vacation as a romantic getaway weekend , and as such , reserved a king size bed with ocean view .
after the long and slow check in process , we were sent to our room and surprised to see 2 double beds .
we went back to the desk and were told there were no king size beds left , and we would have to wait until the morning .
we went back to our room and realized the ocean view was really a view of the trees and pool with the ocean in the background , hardly an ocean view .
the next morning we went to the front desk and were jerked around , told we were still on the waiting list .
later on that day found out that there were 20 % king bed rooms and 80% double .
also that there was no availability .
needless to say we spent the weekend in double beds .
this was not a huge thing , but only the beginning of our experience at the rio del mar .
the service in the marbella restaurant was awful .
we went for breakfast and had to obtain our own menus because we were waiting so long .
for lunch , it took 40 minutes for our order to arrive - they were waiting for the pizza to cook .
each day , a new miscellaneous charge appeared on our bill , whether we were double charged for lunch or charged for the mini bar which we did not use .
the front desk was condescending if anything , unhelpful and unable to provide the service that most people expect .
it was unacceptable .
the food in the grille room could be compared to outback steakhouse but 3 times the cost .
the day before we were to check out , we received our bill under the door .
we had to again go to the front desk who claimed we were checking out that day , but again , provided them with the paper confirmation to show that we were checking out the next day .
later that day , our room key did not work , because even though we had fixed the problem , they did not fix it in the system .
as far as the noise , you can hear the people above you moving things around , and if they are using the shower , you will know it .
do not use the shower at the same time as anyone else in the hotel , or you will lose pressure .
overall , the service was terrible , and we felt that we were being scammed each day . i would never return there .
if i had to , i would lower my expectations of food or bring my own .
they must pay for their 4-5 star rating - this is not a high service hotel after reading the many reviews and being familiar with westin properties we ventured to think for the price we were paying ( $800/night ) we would be staying at a high quality hotel away from the hustle and bustle of san juan .
boy were we wrong .
customer service is an area that requires much improvement .
we booked our dinner reservations in advance and reconfirmed on the day of our arrival .
we showed up at the grill room for dinner to be told we did not have a reservation and they could not help me .
i requested they call the reservation system , which again confirmed i had a reservation .
the snotty hostess still told me i dd not have a reservation even after their own folks confirmed it .
this issue was not resolved until the manager stepped in .
the management here must be very limited with towels , toilet paper and soap .
we needed to call each evening for towels for the four of us in the room .
as we had no plans to share the two towels provided amongest us .
toilet paper rolls with a few pices were left on the roll and not replaced .
there was one day we needed to call to remind them to clean our room at 4:30pm ! ! ! the crowning blow to this very poor customer service orientated hotel was on our return to the airport the driver never bothered to tell us we needed to clear us agriculture scanning before waiting in the airline check in .
this mistake added another half hour to our wait at the airport . based on this experience i am very leary of any hotel ratings . . . i will rely more on the customer inputs like this because they live the nightmares and probably stay clear of westins in the future . i 
tacky and forced all inclusive hell this hotel is for people that like over air conditioned all inclusive resorts that look like cruise ships that do not float .
not only are the food and the rooms overpriced and underwhelming - - they cater to every bad american traveler stereotype .
this hotel is the equivalent to fast food : generic with mediocre service .
and worst of all , they place the resort 30 miles from san juan so unless you have a car you are basically serving out a jail term at the resort .
westin rio grande not up to par with other westins just came back from a 3 day stay at the westin .
check - in was good , we got upgraded to an ocean suite , but the room was ok .
the bathrooms not up to typical westin standards , very old , not very modern , and they did not even have the double showerhead .
the next morning , we were woken up at 6:00 am by construction on the roof which was directly above us .
we called front desk several times , and no one could explain what happened .
finally later in the afternoon , i called the manager who found out they had construction right above us .
we were satisfied after he comped the night , but i still do not understand why they would give us a room underneath construction when there was so much availability in the hotel or why they would start constriction so early , people are on vacation and the last thing they want to do is wake up at 6 am . the food was drab , service at marbella worse .
it took me 25 minutes each day to get coffee by the wait staff .
one day a gentleman next to me offered his pot after i asked the waitress 5 times for coffee to no avail ( she finally brought it over right when they closed for breakfast ) .
the italian restaurant however , was fairly good with top notch service .
the hotel grounds are somewhat old and tired .
the pool area is somewhat nice , but i noticed a lot of mold on the cushions .
also , although one pool is the adult pool , there were tons of small children running around , jumping in , and causing a lot of noise , this was definitely not enforced .
the beach is ok , the ocean very rough and the sand is a dark yellow ( not the soft sand found in the caribbean or on other parts of the island ) the location is not that great either .
yes it is across the rain forest , but there really i nothing else in the area , and you are pretty much forced to stay at the resort if u do not have a car ( fyi , if u have a car other than the one u can rent from the hotel , they charge u $18/day ) .
we were pretty bored in the evenings , even thought we did go to the restaurants and casino ( seemed very empty ) as a side not , i am still having problems with the hotel bill .
i was charged a different amount that the one i got at check out .
i think i have gotten double charged for breakfast but we are still trying to figure it out .
just ok just returned from a 3- night stay at the westin .
unfortunately , our stay was hampered by the political convention that weekend at the hotel .
it was very noisy at night with tons of people everywhere .
we thought the westin was just ok , nothing special .
the pool areas were very crowded .
the loungers had old , ( mildewy in some ) cushions on them .
have definitely stayed in much nicer hotels for less money .
restaurants were mediocre at best .
went to a nice restaurant called richie 's ( recommended by waiter at hotel ) that is 2 minutes from the hotel .
great views !
the beach was nice , but we 've found that mexico beaches were so much prettier .
the hotel is about 10 minutes from the rainforest .
definitely worth visiting .
would not return to this hotel , nor would i recommend it to others .
beautiful beach setting , but the rooms and amenities are just ok this hotel is set on a picture perfect beach , and thank god for that , because you will want to be out of your room as much as possible .
the beds are comfortable , but the room itself is standard motel .
be prepared to either not use the airconditioning or to freeze your buns off .
the airconditiong is set to blow cold air , but not to remove humidity .
therefore , all your clothes will be soggy , and i mean soggy .
you will have to launder everything in your suitcase ( clean or not ) when you return home .
the staff tries very hard for the most part , but this is not the four seasons , so they do what they can .
the casino is a joke and the restaurants are only average .
this is our second trip to puerto rico to attend conferences .
it just is not my favorite island .
if spending your own money , shop around a bit more ! !
disappointing just retuned from 5 nites at this property .
from checkin to check - out it was disapppinting . .
we were told no ocean view rooms were availabe and all we could get was a room overlooking the front entrance with the smell of diesel fuel from the shuttle buses . also , we felt this hotel looked tired .
the rooms needed some updating and were not as clean as one would expect . on a positive note , the pool area and grounds were beautiful and the staff friendly , though rather slow to serve . bottom line is , we would not return .
this is a 3 star propery at best .
not at this price just got back from the westin rio mar on saturday april 15th , we were there a week .
the hotel property itself is very nice and well kept .
the staff that was there was very helpful ( more on that in a minute ) .
we had a mountain view room and it was fine .
we were there with our two children 4  9 and the room was fine for all of us .
now the downside all of the on - site restaurants are priced out of site for dinner and none better then outback .
we went to all of them palio , the grille room , aqua luna .
our average dinner bill with one bottle of wine was over $250.00 every night .
please keep in mind the kids are eating a hot dog or macaroni and cheese .
i read some of the reviews before i started to write this and some of the reviewers state that the hotel is only 45 minutes from the airport or old san juan .
well , to me that is a pretty long drive .
since the hotel is in the middle of nowhere you pretty much feel like a prisoner of the resort .
if it rains while you are down there or if you need a break from the pool , boy are you in trouble .
to break up our trip we decided to take a cab ride to old san juan . .$180.00
round trip .
would have rented a car for the day but the avis on site had no cars available .
all in all there are plenty of places you can spend $4,000 to $5,000 for a weeks vacation and it is my opinion this is not the place .
oh getting back to my above mentioned staffing issues .
you could never find a waiter around the pool area and on top of that each restaurant was closed at least 2 nights while we were down there because they did not have the proper staffing levels .
i know i may sound a little tough on this place but do not only take my opinion we ended up meeting about 7 couples while we were down there and they all had the same opinion except for the family that golfed .
this is what i would call a one and done . . . but if you can get it for real cheap go for three or four days only .
hope this helps . . .
expect nothing , receive nothing we booked this hotel as a get away before a cruise .
***warning one*** , the hotel is very very far away from the airport , the cruise docks , and old town .
do not think that you will stay here and leave the resort to walk around the town - there is not really anything that you 'd want to see you are so far away from everything .
we booked several months in advance and paid a large sum to have a club room with breakfast , a balcony , and a ocean view room .
***warning two*** ocean view rooms are not facing the ocean , they are perpendicular to the ocean .
if you want parallel , book an ocean front .
we checked in , got to our room and had two small windows , no balcony , and a partial view of the ocean .
we asked to be moved .
we were told ok , but later .
after two more trips to the front desk , we were told we could not be moved until the next day .
after two more visits to the front desk the next day , we were finally moved , we were moved to a lesser room (1/2 the price ) with two double beds ( we had booked a king room ) , peeling paint , and hair in the bathroom .
but , we finally had a balcony .
upon checkout , the hotel had charged us for breakfast , which was allegedly included in the rate , and shuttle service , which we had already paid for .
***warning three*** the buffet breakfast is $19.00 a person !
we were then called a liar about breakfast being included in our room rate and asked to produce proof - on the spot .
after threatening to raise a stink , the charges were removed .
we checked out , took our cruise , and returned home to find all $200 worth of charges were put back on the bill .
a month later , after about 5 e - mails and 3 phone calls , they were finally removed from my charge card .
***warning four*** do not pre - pay for anything ! ! !
we feel that the charges were removed at the hotel to shut me up and then re - charged once we left .
at no point did the hotel attempt to make up for their booking error nor did they attempt to compensate us for having spent 1.5-2 hours at the front desk trying to fix the situation .
the grounds of the hotel were very nice and if you get a good rate on the other rooms , go for it .
but i would not pay over $200 a night for this hotel and i certainly would not book any services or inclusions through them directly .
you 'll get a huge hassle and headache .
the food at the hotel was mediocre for the marbella restaurant and poor for the asian themed restaurant .
these were the only two places we ate .
not what we espected for a westin nor for a 4- star location .
the restaurants are not vegetarian friendly if you like good food .
the staff ranged from incredibly friendly to incredibly cookie - cutter and uncaring .
poorly trained and with no apparant management , any problems are dealt with less than one expects at the price we paid for our room .
our problem with this hotel was not expecting something for nothing , but was expecting getting what we paid for and when we did not get it , having a chorus of shoulders shrug at our concerns .
we tried to be nice  patient about it from the get go - perhaps throwing a fit would have worked better .
bedbugs ! hotel was okay , if terribly remote .
for a short stay it was fine , but the rest of the island is almost inaccessible unless you have a car .
but there are enough restaurants and things to do , and the service is attentive .
our big problem was that when i got home , i had blotches on my chest and arm and neck .
my dermatologist advised me that i 'd been bitten by bedbugs .
the hotel was less than forthcoming when i called to let them know ( so they could fumigate the room and spare other guests this inconvenience ) .
i called the starwood headquarters and they managed to extort an apology from the rio mar management .
obviously , we 're unlikely to return .
( theirs was the only bed beside my own that i 'd been in for at least a month , so there was no question where i was bitten . )
warning : not up to westin standards - avoid the hassle my husband and i stayed at this property for two days ( i am typing this review from the property ) .
i read the reviews on tripadvisor before i booked , and thought - - hey this is a westin - can it really be that bad ?
if you care about service - yes - it really is a hassle . i am a starwood gold member who has numerous stays at the westins in san fran , vancouver , and portland over the last two months .
this hotel , however , is inferior compared to those properties .
although the grounds are very nice - nice beach , pools , etc , the service is consistently very poor . when we arrived we received a room with two double beds instead of our requested king - not a big deal to me ( i can live with that ) - the hotel says they ca not guarantee king beds .
next , when we entered the lobby , there were 4 people arguing with a member of management about why they did not have a room that night .
there were three staff members behind the desk - apparently they were not trained well enough so that they all needed to work together on one reservation even though there was a large line of people .
after waiting in line with a few other angry customers , i was told that the key machine was out of service and that i could not get a key for my room .
a staff member took us , as well as other guests up to their rooms and let us in with his master key .
we were told they would bring a key up to us when the machine was fixed ( estimated time 10 minutes ) .
about 45 minutes later in our room , i went down to the front desk to inquire - all three staff members were standing around talking amongst themselves ; they told me - oh sure we forgot to bring your key up .
after calling the corporate starwood preferred guest 1-800 number about the poor service , i did receive a call from hotel management offering a discount on the room , which was nice .
the hotel was overbooked for the past two days , but again , many of the restaurants on - site were closed .
beware of the service at shimas it was terrible .
my husband requested tea four different times , and he was finally brought the tea at the end of the meal .
we were charged for an extra drink , and when we told her she did not bring it , she tried to argue with us .
in fact , she never even checked on us during the entire meal .
i overheard conversations at the conceirge desk , and in line at the front desk that others were not happy with the service .
the couple in front of me at the conceirge desk had a few of their dinner reservations lost .
i called down to the dive shop at 4:30 p . m . to see when they closed as i wanted to buy some merchandise for the next day .
the staff member told me they closed at 6:00 p . m . , when we went down at 5:25 p . m . they had already closed .
it seems to be the norm here , that the service throughout the hotel - - front desk , shops , and restaurant staff - - is consistently poor .
our stay at this property was quite brief as we hiked the rainforest for one entire day , and the next day we were gone from 9-5 for a snorkel trip .
it is surprising that even though we spent so little tiime here , we had so many problems .
i 've never had any problems at other westins .
one positive - they do have a firepit where they roast marshmallows and have smores ( free of charge ) from 7-10pm .
the two staff members here were exceptionally friendly and helpful .
overall , i 'd strongly recommend another property and to avoid the hotel 's restaurants .
second and last time at rio westin mar my husband and i stayed at the westin rio mar jan 8-12, a trip provided by his company .
this was our second trip there , the first being in 1999, also provided by his company .
we have to agree with some of the other reviewers that this is the worst example of a westin hotel we have ever experienced .
we generally like the westin brand , but our room at the rio mar and the management/staff there can not be compared to any of our other experiences .
as with other reviewers on this site , they could not accomodate our request for a king - size bed with an ocean view .
they told us they would do everything they could to get us one , but then never even had the courtesy to let us know that they could not deliver .
a simple we 're sorry , but . . . would have been understood and the professional thing to do .
we later found out that another couple who had requested the same type of room after we did , were accomodated .
our mountain view room was showing signs of wear , missing the area rug that normally goes under the bed , no robes , holes in the towels , room service trays left in the halls all day , noise and fumes from buses idling under the portico , ac that ran all day and night and rude service from the restaurant on the beach all add up to a resort that should not be touting itself so highly .
the outdoor areas , beach and pools are still well maintained and attractive , and the palio restaurant was very good , but all in all , if we had been paying for this hotel ourselves , we would have checked out ( we almost did anyway ) .
we have also stayed at the el conquistador previously , and were wishing that we could have gone back there instead of the rio mar .
great potential terrible service the westin has unbelievable potential , but the service was terrible .
the good : the beach , the views and the pool were wonderful .
the proximity to the beach/pool was great .
the pools were clean . the bad : the service was consistently terrible .
do not eat at the hotel restaurants .
they are over priced and underquality .
specifically do not eat at maribelles or pool side .
we spent $120 for four people ( one drink per person ) with unedible food .
if you must eat at the hotel go to the iguana pub ( at the golf course ) .
the rooms are well worn with water stained walls and ceilings but clean .
the concierge service was inconsistant .
you will pay a 50% premium on horseback riding .
avoid the dive shop $135 for scuba and $75 for snorkelling .
the service was substandard and the captain was downright mean and nasty . tips try the condos at the westinrent a car to get off the propertytry lolita 's for mexcian food some of best king 's seafood not to far from the resortavoid las vegas restaurant 
underwhelming usually love westins ( had a great experience at their st .
john one a few years back ) , and was very much looking forward to this visit ( january 05) .
but rio mar was not up to their standards .
the rooms are in need of some upkeep and hallways were often dirty .
you would think that you ca not go wrong with good golf course and beaches , but the location at the foot of a rain forest mountain means lots of rain and not as much sun as would like .
very few area attractions other than a visit to the rain forest ( which was catually fairly overdeveloped for a national park ) .
food on site was decent , but exceptionally overpriced .
very much a 'take advantage of the isolation ' attitude by jacking up the prices .
similar approach to other things like huge tag - ons for parking and groceries ( my favorite was charging $16 for small bottle of contact lens solution ; we drove 2 miles to a grocery store and got it for $3) .
in short , an underwhelming experience and we wo not be going back .
great if you 've got money to blow we stayed here (2/9-2/12, 2005) only because we were attending a conference .
the hotel , grounds , pool , beach , etc . is beautiful , but not worth the price .
we paid $250 a night which was the conference rate but that was before all the fees .
a 22% resort fee , a $15 bellman fee , a $2 per day housekeeping fee , a $10 self parking fee .
for 3 nights we spent over $1,000.
we arrived at 11:00pm and after confirming our reservation earlier in the day , we did not have a room assigned .
it took 10 minutes all while we received much appology .
we had requested a king bed but none was available .
they said they were going to upgrade us to ocean view but it never happened .
they were great at appologizing and promising , but not coming through .
several others in our conference had problems as well .
the westin needs to work on this place .
eh just got back from a 4 night stay at the westin rio mar .
i 'll start with the best part of the hotel - cactus jack 's restaurant .
the staff was very friendly and accomadating and the food was excellent ( escpeciially the ribs and quesadillas ) .
the service at the tiki bar was fast and friendly - the food was ok .
the hotel was very crowded with conventions and conferences .
i think that for a company meeting or for a family trip this is an ok hotel .
there were lots of kids and plenty of activities .
i would not recommend this hotel for couples .
now for the bad - my boyfriend and i booked our room through american express and our package included an upgraded room ( based on availiability ) , free buffett breakfast for 2 each day and a $100 credit at the spa .
when we arrived the woman at the front desk told us our room had alreday been upgraded and we were pleased - however , when we got to our room we clearly had not been upgraded .
we called down to the front desk and were told that a junior suite was not available for the first night , but we could switch to one to following day for the remainder of our stay .
we were disappointed , but understanding since the hotel seemed to have a few different conventions/conferences going on .
the next morning we checked in with the front desk and were told ( quite nastily ) that our new room was not available yet and to come back later .
when we went back to the front desk again at 3pm we were then todl by another person that there were no junior suites available .
we were obviously upset and confused since we had been told by 2 different people that a junior suite was available .
it was not the fact that an upgrade was not available that upset us , it was the manner in which we were treated and questioned in a way as if we made the whole thing up ! ! ! ! also , when we received our bill on teh last day - we found that we were charged for breakfast every day and charged the $40 my boyfriend spent at the spa for a haircut - so , check your bill very carefully when checking out .
good but would find a new hotel next time my husband and i recently returned from a week at the westin rio mar .
i will start with the positives : -the staff was very friendly , ( even if they had no idea what they were talking about ) - the beach and pool area were very nice , and you can take long walks on the beach if you are willing to leave the hotel area - the golf course was well maintained and the clubhouse is quite nice - the ice cream at david 's was really goodit goes without saying that resorts overcharge for food , drinks and services so i 'm not basing my negative comments on pricing .
the negatives : -the hotel restaurants were very average .
the fish at shimas ( japanese ) was extremely fishy and therefore ( most likely ) not fresh .
coqui ( pool bar ) uses fake crab in their lobster sandwich .
etc . palio , the grille and cactus jack 's were all fine but not memorable .
unfortunately , the local restaurants left a lot to be desired .
we rented a car and made the one hour trip to san juan for good food .
the parrot and pamela 's in san juan were truly wonderful !
- the rooms seemed dirty .
the tile floors needed to be washed .
the bathrooms were certainly not on the same heavenly level as the westin in boston or chicago . -my
husband mistakenly left several poker chips in the room one morning .
when we returned a few hours later they were gone .
we did not make a big deal out of this but reported it to security for their records .
they launched into an initial csi investigation mode , but we never heard from them again .
use the safe . -the
concierge desk was friendly but full of misinformation .
they do not have a clue about where to dine outside of the resort .
their literature claims that the rainforest is 10-19 miles away .
it is 2 miles away .
they told us that a cab to the airport would cost $70 + $15 per person .
it cost $60.
again , not a big deal , but doing your own research is worth the time . -
the hotel had 2 conventions going on at all times , which adds an institutional feel to your experience .
when we arrived the first night , the bar overlooking the ocean was closed for a private party , and the afternoon we left , the pool area closed at 2 pm for another private party . for a big , convention type hotel , the experience was perfectly fine .
if we choose to return to puerto rico , we would stay in a smaller hotel with a nice beach , closer to san juan .
does anyone know of one ?
or , go to culebra .
a bit of truth on westin rio mar , san juan just came back from the westin rio mar , san juan , on a company trip for 6 nights .
i found the staff very friendly and service was good .
after reading other comments i was a little worried .
the food was very expensive but we rented a car from dollar ( do not rent at the hotel , it was double the price ) and we did the rain forrest , bacardi rum tour on our own and for the prices the hotel charged we paid for the car .
they do charge $10per day to park at the hotel .
most of the prices were very high .
we did have some problems with an abusive couple from our company and the security was not very helpful .
also it must be the rainy season , we had 3 good days out of six .
not really rainy but overcast and spotty rain .
the pool area was really great .
an okay hotel we stayed at the westin rio mar on nov . 26 -28, 2004 prior to taking a cruise out of san juan .
the resort is okay , but definitely not worth the $300/night price tag .
we took the shuttle from the airport , which was wonderful .
check - in went very smooth and the person at the check - in counter was very helpful .
we were stuck eating at the resort restaurants since we did not have a car .
the only good meal that we had was our dinner at palio .
while it is very expensive , we found the meal to be excellent .
for the remainder of the meals , we ate at marbella .
the service was awful , and the food was even worse .
on the day of checkout , we went in there to see if we could get lunch , and were rudely informed that they were closed .
we ended up getting a salad and hot dog from the beach cabana restaurant .
the room was okay - the view was blocked by palm trees .
despite the fact that we requested a king bed , we were given two double beds .
we were informed at check - in that no king beds were available .
furthermore , we did not find the beds to be so heavenly .
if you are a couple looking for a romantic getaway , this is not the place to come as it was overrun with kids .
on the positive side , the resort is gorgeous , but in the middle of nowhere .
the beach is okay - i 'm not used to dirt beaches .
it was an okay place for a couple of days before our cruise , but we would never return to this resort or puerto rico .
price was right , but not 4- star okay , so the price was right ( $99 per night ) , so i ca not complaint too much .
it 's 7 stories w/ the lobby on the 3rd floor .
very weird layout .
we were originally given a 1st floor room and to get to the parking lot had to either go to the 3rd floor , pass through the lobby , pass the casino and arcade , then to an elevator back down to the 1st floor to the parking garage or we would have to walk around the outside of the hotel . in regard to being a 4- star , there 's just no way .
checked in as a member of starwood preferred .
requested possibility of an upgrade and was told it would be $50 per night .
was given a 1st floor room with the view of the top of a palm tree , literally - we might as well have had no window - we could not see anything .
there was no hair dryer in the room which surprised me due to the humid climate . on day 3, finally decided it would be worth the extra $50 per night to have some sort of view .
went to the front desk , and was given an upgrade to a partial ocean view room for free - go figure .
in the 2nd room , the safe did not have a locking mechanism , but the room did have a hairdryer . the pools were nice .
we actually had more rr at the larger , kid - friendly pool .
because the quiet pool was full of kids .
the beach was great - good bodysurfing waves and barely crowded .
but a warning about the beach .
we found 2 jagged peices of broken bottles in the water , where the swimming beach was .
lucky for us we found them before we stepped on them .
we also saw that someone else had put peices of broken bottles on a lounge chair by the beach - just assuming they had found them while swimming , too .
so , watch your feet . the tiki bar charges $8.50 for a little pina colada - to be expected at a resort , but wanted to warn you . had a good time regardless of the irritations , but would not go back to that hotel .
beautiful property , poor service , over priced well let me start by saying the resort was absolutely beautiful as far as the grounds are concerned . the rooms needed to be redone , old and outdated looking .
we stayed in an oceanfront junior suite , which by no means met up to my standards of a four star room .
the biggest problem we encoutered was being nickel and dimed to death , charges for eveything .
nothing , and i do mean nothing is given complimentary at this resort .
non - motorized water sports , more money , parking , more money , resort service fee daily more money . . . . . etc .
you get the picture , the food was mediocre at best and definately not worth the money .
we checked out the paradisus , which is the newest all inclusive resort , definately by far best for the dollar .
overall we had a great time , but with no credit to the westin .
a few bright lights but overall much worse than i expected there were some good things , and some really poor things about this place during my stay .
the location next to the beach is nice .
you can walk from your room pretty much right onto the beach .
and the view as you do so is breathtaking .
if you go , though , ask about ocean view rooms when you reserve your room .
when we got there , we asked and none were available .
the higher floors are better - -pedestrians can see right into the lower floor rooms if the curtains are open .
the hotel was very clean and attractive , although the ventilation in the room hallways was sometimes really bad , to where the air would be warm , humid , and smell bad .
service ranged from rarely good to almost uniformly horrible .
we frequently waited long times either to get our orders taken or to get the check .
twice , i waited for a check for over 20 minutes after the plates were cleared , and i eventually had to find managers to get them .
the waitstaff often refuse to make eye contact and gave me the impression that they felt like i was somehow beneath them .
a few times we had genuinely nice people serve us or help us with our bags , and the concierge and front desk were always nice , but i cannot overstate this enough : be prepared for awful service more often than not .
we were there a week and it was not just once or twice .
the casino was also the same story - -several times i waited over 20-30 minutes to get someone to come service the slot machine i played so it would pay out .
unless you get up and find someone , they will not come , despite the cameras in the ceiling .
if you want free drinks , better sit at the table games .
my wife and i sat at the slots for 2-3 hours on two separate nights and never saw a waitress , either .
we were very surprised to find a brochure in the room that said that all casino patrons are entitled to free drinks after the experience of those two nights .
we brought this up to the front desk and they comped us a breakfast buffet , which was nice .
the food is sometimes pretty good ; the italian restaurant palio was really good .
but you are so isolated in the resort that if you do not have a rental car , you have to eat all your meals there .
and believe me , they overcharge because they know you have no other options .
a breakfast buffet is $18.50 per person .
a dinner buffet ( for average food - -a chicken parmesan is boiled chicken breast , no breading , tomato sauce and a few shreds of parmesan cheese ) is $30.00 per person .
a virgin strawberry daquiri ( essentially strawberries and ice ) at the beach bar is $6.00.
another warning : the hotel bill will include gratuities that you are not told about .
i had a $2.00 housekeeping gratuity per day tacked on , and this was after i had left some tips on the pillow because i did not know about the gratuity .
i had the bellhop bring up our bags and tipped them when they did so .
lo and behold , i ended up with a separate $12.00 bell service gratuity on my bill for that day that no one had ever told me about .
overall , i enjoyed the beach .
but if there had been another resort nearby , i would definitely try it the next time rather than go here again .
try again !
just returned from a stay at the westin rio mar .
i was very disapointed in my stay .
the hotel is in need of some serious updating .
other then the heavenly bed the room was dated and stale .
the hallways were dark and musty .
the spa is one of the worst hotel spas that i have ever been to .
the excercise room is in the basement with a view of a concrete wall .
the beach has no caribean flair what so ever .
should have stayed at the el conquistador i just returned from a 4 day / 3 night stay at the westin rio mar .
unfortunately , i do not have a lot of nice things to say about this resort .
first off , our room was a bit on the small side and was not exactly the cleanliest room i 've ever stayed in .
the hotel staff definitely needs some training .
i found the staff to be completely unprofessional and the concierge staff unknowledgeable about the area .
when asked about tours that they offered , they could barely provide any information .
as for the grounds , something needs to be done about the bugs / ants that are around the pool area .
i could not even leave my shoes on the ground as the entire ground area was infested with ants .
i have the bug bites to prove it - so please bring insect repellant if you do stay at this resort .
the pools are not well maintained - i realize there will be bugs in the pool but it would help if someone actually skimmed the pool occasionally .
if you are going to go to the spa do not get a manicure  pedicure as they will charge you a $100 for both , the woman will cut your fingers and toes , and they do not have a pedicure chair or nail dryer .
you 'll also be placed in a small room without air conditioning .
forget about getting a late check - out .
our flight did not leave until 6:30 so we stayed at the hotel until 4 - we were allowed to shower at the spa prior to leaving but there is no water pressure and i cannot say exactly when the last time these showers were cleaned but it is safe to say it 's been a long time .
the only thing that i can recommend is the old san juan shopping trip as well as eating at cactus jacks .
skip the outside restaurant near the activity pool .
if you 're going to leave the resort , try isaura 's pizza down the hill from the hotel - it 's really good .
just be careful who your cab driver is as one of our drivers did drive like a maniac .
i would not go back stayed before 2004 wow i was reading the reviews and some things never change . we were there mega years ago .
check in was ok but our room was far from everything so we went to the front desk and they did change our room .
gave us room# and keys .
the only problem was we had to carry our own luggages to the new room , which was a long walk .
( we did not have those new roll ones which are easier today ! ! ) food was ok we are not picky eaters and we do not drink . we are beach people but the beach was nice but we found it too breezy so we had to stay by the pool daily . room service was unreal .
i do not speak spanish so all i got in the morning was cafe ! ! the only thing they understood when i tried to order .
the little book they gave me for spanish words did not help . maids did not speak or understand any english so whatever i need or try to get was not resolved .
i tried to tell them i did not want flowers in bathroom etc cause they had small insects on them and had to kill them .
only place at the time was at the resturants which understood me or the front desk . .good things are the grounds , the rooms and some of the entertainment at night ! !i wrote to them directly about the language barrier and they replied they will be getting help who could relate to tourist ! !have they
very dissapointed let 's start with the positives because there were not all that many .
the beach and ocean are lovely ( although not spectacular ) .
the grounds are handsome and well manicured ( although everything is spread out so you 'll do a lot of walking ) .
the staff is generally very warm ( although largely disorganized and incompetent ) .now that we 've dispatched with the positives , let 's enumerate thenegatives .
the rooms are not just spartan , they are dingy .
our room had not been properly cleaned when we checked in .
when we arrived we found large mold spores on our pillows ; there was mold on the lamp shade aswell .
you wake up in the morning feeling dirty . smoking is pervasive at the resort and sometimes difficult to escape .
for reaons we still do not understand the ac in our room dispensed cold air mixed with second hand smoke .
it certainly added to the general nasty feel of the accomodations . most of the guests were either europeans or russians ( hence all the smoking ) .
if you do not smoke , wear a gold chain or have a tatoo , you may feel out of place .
the all inclsuive resort ( this was only our second time at an all inclusive ) seems to attract a more gluttonous and portly guest .
i could easily stand to lose 10 pounds , but compared to many guests i looked like adonis . the food was mediocre , which is about what you 'd expect from an all inclusive .
honestly , for breakfast and lunch it 's good enough if you are not a foody and when you have young kids all inclsuives are very appealing .
the dinners , however , were truly dissapointing .
i 'd rather eat at an olive garden than all of the so called fancy restaraunts .
despite the fact that you are in the caribbean , you ca not get a good piece of fish anywhere at the resort .
in fact , most of the fish on the menu is not even tropical ( think cod ) so you know the hotel is just cooking the cheapest ingredients they can find . and then there 's the childcare - - - quality varies dramatically , so becareful .
the kids zone is actually a very nice facility .
we dropped our kids off on the first day and when we came back in the afternoon we found our 21 month old ( who does not know how to swim ) in the shallow end of the pool by himself with water wings on .
the attendants were next to the pool watching , but no one was in the pool with him .
the next day we told the staff no swimming and did not bring bathing suits .
overall , however , ourkids seemed to like the kids zone .
the staff was very warm , but not quite as responsible as you 'd like . we requested a babysitter to come in the evenings .
on the first night the babysitter arrived a 7 and we put our two kids to sleep and dimmed the lights before leaving .
but when we returned at 10, the lights were on and both of our kids were sitting on the couch watching tv with the babysitter .
the babysitter spoke no english , so we 're not sure what happened .
the next night we requested a different babysitter and instructed no tv , just sleep .
things went according to plan . two miscellenaous notes .
most of the staff does not speak english all that well , so if you do not speak spanish communicating can be difficult .
also , blackberry reception was spotty at best .
okay experience , but wo not be going back .
the first part of the week we stayed in the reserve after it had just opened .
stayed in a one bedroom suite with garden view .
hugh room , and it was beautifully furnished .
each section of the reserve has it 's own concierge and they all spoke english .
some spoke it better than others , but much better than the rest of the resort .
the room service was pretty good , but inconsistent .
even though all the rooms have a/c it was still very humid in the room .
the private pool was absolutely beautiful , with a swim up bar .
the wait staff was very attentive .
the drinks were okay , but i think they were watered down .
the biggest disappointment was the food .
they advertise throughout their website that they offer a world cuisine experience , but frankly it was awful .
the second part of the week we stayed in the resort and stayed in the junior suite with garden view .
what a horrible mistake .
it was like going from the ritz to motel 8.
you get what you pay for .
the toilet leaked , and overall the room was very , very tired .
and it smelled very musty .
to this day (9 months later ) , some of my workout clothes still have that smell .
also , i do not think there 's enough to do at this resort .
i did not venture outside of the resort as i did not feel it was safe .
so if you like to drink all day and lay in the sun , this is the place for you .
if you 're still interested in going to this resort , do not waste your money on the suites at the resort , but stay within the resort at the reserve .
it 's a much better value .
royal service needs new staff royal service worsts : - all royal service staff ( excluding the workers at the royal service poolside bar and the waiters at the royal service restaurant ) it is as if they want a tip for everthing ( even for something that is included in the package ) .
everything seemed to be about more money with them and their 'friendly ' atmosphere was extremely fake .
they ironed my swimsuit , ruined it ! ( ofcourse !
who irons swimsuits ? ) , put it back as if nothing was wrong , made me call me several times , and had the nerve to charge me at the end for the service which is included in what i was paying for ? ! ! ! ! ! all the workers speak english very very well but when they get the feeling that a guest is not happy with something they all of a sudden forget how to speak english ! useful for them but so annoying for guests .
- cleanliness of rooms not present .
royal service greats : - awsome view of the beach - sectioned off beach chairs , always with the view of the ocean - quiet royal pool with lots of bali beds to go around - excellent bartenders always asking if i need something else - royal service food in the morning and lunch - golf reservations , pickupsparadisus punta cana greats : - all restaurants - the whole resort is beautiful 
the good  we were at the paradisus punta cana in september 2008 with a relatively large group .
this was my first time to the dominican but not my first experience with paradisus .
we all stayed in the reserve area of the resort .
the resort itself is beautiful and huge !
if we walked to the beach from our room in the reserve it was about a 15 minute walk .
we usually took the shuttle but you always had to wait up to 30 minutes for the shuttle .
i loved the pool  the bali beds at the reserve  our room .
we had a 1 bedroom suite , it was like a condo .
however my view was of the back of the convention area with all the a/c units .
for the price paid for the reserve that is really unacceptable .
so , needless to say we did not spend any time on the balcony .
the rooms need a phone list .
we had no idea how to call concierge , room service , front desk , no one . it rained for the first 3 days and the resort did a great job of accommodating us since most of our planned events were supposed to be outside .
the bad part is since all the buildings ( including the stairwell of our room building ) are open air , the floor had puddles of water everywhere , even the stairs .
several of us slipped on the tile floor and fell - i have a huge bruise on my backside from landing on the step .
a couple from the group actually fell down the stairs .
this is a major and dangerous issue that needs to be address .
also , since it rained so much we needed a schedule of activities going on .
the ones we did find we just happened to walk up on .
language barrier not that bad , i know a very little spanish .
just remember you are in their country they should not be expected to speak english .
always found a way to communicate . the bartenders were always great !
the best personalities on the property - along with the entertainment/dance crew .
we had a salsa lesson which was really fun .
our housekeeper was very good also , friendly .
the rest of the staff that we encountered was hit and miss .
we were ignored in the restaurants .
concierge never 'wanted ' to help , it seemed like it was an inconvenience .
noone seemed not to know anything beyond their particular job .
the staff should really be educated on what the resort has to offer .
the restaurants . . . .food was bland , limited menus and yes , all the restaurants are not open every night .
only 3-4 a night .
which really was not an issue except they did not give you a list of what was open when .
you had to see the concierge person that was just full of personality every day to figure out where you could eat - this was frustrating .
the italian was the best .
the japanese was horrible and mostly inedible .
the buffetts were ok as far as buffett 's go .
not impressed with the food at all .
i really expected more . the beach - beautiful , beautiful , beautiful we did the horseback riding that was included .
they will tell you it is about a 10 minute ride to the 'ranch ' except what they do not tell you is that you will spend 30 min - 1 hour picking up people at other resorts .
the guides were really nice and helpful to those that needed it .
the horses looked like they were undernurished , bones sticking out .
i felt really bad for them .
it was about a 5-10 min horseback ride down the street to the beach and then about 30 - 40 min on the beach .
the water is breathtaking !
there was new construction all down the beach and i guess with all the rain/hurricanes it had washed debri down the beach .
we also did the atv tour .
it is not in the jungle as the description says .
they take you to a large beautiful ranch and the guides take you down the dirt road and paved road to the most gorgeous beach i have ever seen !
pretty much secluded other than the peopl on the atv tour and the few locals selling their crafts .
we then went back down the dirt road to a cave with a fresh water 'pond '.
it was pretty cool to see but way to dark in there for me to swim around .
many people jumped in .
there was also a bar with drinks and snacks along with 8-10 vendors selling their jewelry , cigars , etc .
i did get a really good deal on some cigars vs . the resort .
all in all we enjoyed the day but would not spend $85 to do it again .
our guide was knowledgable and fun . the beaches , water and the countryside was absolutely beautiful , however , there was garbage everywhere , yes , household garbage .
at some points there were bags of it just thrown on the side of the road . i have to say for the money , i was very disappointed .
i expected more from a resort of that calibur .
i can definitely see how the dominican is in the top 10 for their beaches , what i cannot understand is why they do not clean the garbage off the roads .
the roads themselves are bad enough without the garbage . would probably go back the the dr is the price was right but would not go back to paradisus punta cana .
treated like second class citizen my family and another family stayed at the paradisus punta cana in mid - august 2008 for one week .
the resort itself is very beautiful ; however , we were very unhappy with our stay .
the major complaint we have is they segregate the royal service or reserve people from the average person .
our friends stayed in the reserve area because they could afford to which was fine with us .
we had a bigger family and needed more rooms so did not want to go that route .
we did not think it would matter ( its all within the resort - not separate ) .
the problem was we were not allowed to go into the reserve area to see our friends .
we were told to leave .
they segregate by placing different wrist bands on you .
we paid for an all - inclusive resort ! ! ! they , of course , had the beautiful swimming pool shown on their website .
we had the crappy , hot water one .
they had a grill right next to their pool , we had to change to eat lunch at a buffet ( no swimsuits allowed ) .
they had golf carts waiting to drive them wherever they wanted so they did not have to wait for the tram , which never seemed to arrive .
we always ended up walking , and trust me we did alot of walking .
they had private bars , a private section of the beach with nicer chairs/beds , they even went as far as handing out white umbrellas to them and red  white umbrellas to us when it rained .
now on to the little things , first they placed our two adult sons in a room with one queen size bed .
we tried to get them into another room with two beds but they would not ; instead they sent a small cot for one of them to sleep on .
our toilet leaked and we wanted to be ungraded ( which we offered to pay for ) because we felt our room was too small for my husband , myself and two 11 yr olds .
forget it .
no speaka de english .
the language barrier was horrible .
the rooms were freezing and we could not figure out the controls so we had to turn it off and then on again when it started getting humid , which didnt take long .
room service half the time never arrived ; we called four times for an umbrella and never got one .
our travel director steered us away from the excursions the hotel offered ( crappy he said ) and told us to pay for the ones he had to offer , which unfortunately we fell for , only later to find out the hotel excursions were just as nice and most were free !
if you can afford the reserve and can speak spanish , by all means go , it is a beautiful resort .
but if you are average ( we paid $1,800 per person to stay there , hmm $1,800 x 8 people ; not cheap ) and dont want to be treated like a second class citizen then go somewhere else .
we may return to dominican rupublic again , but we will never stay at the paradisus again ; we feel we paid too much money to be treated the way we were .
one advantage of not staying in the reserve - our pool bar rocked ! - theirs was boring - ha ! we second - class citizens know how to party .
beware of theives . . . . .
i just returned from my trip late last night and i need to report an incident that happened at the paridisus , which i am extremely upset about .
on our last night , august 10th personal items were stolen from our hotel room .
since it was our last night there , we had started to pack our luggage and left almost everything packed before we went out to dinner and a show .
the next morning while we were getting ready to leave we noticed that some items we had already packed away were missing .
the items that were stolen were a cell phone and an ipod and special adapters and chargers for both .
we contacted hotel security right away .
when security arrived to our room they quickly looked around and told us that they usually do not have this sort of thing happen , and they were sure that our items would show up in our luggage .
they did nothing further and i could not really follow up since , we were already set to check out and head to the airport .
i am really shocked that a hotel of this stature would treat it as if it were not a big deal and dismiss it as a mistake we did by misplacing the items .
i am also surprised that theft would happen at a resort of this caliber . i write this review , so anyone who plans to stay there . . . .please lock your stuff in the lock box . . . .good luck 
not for americans ! !
the place looks great but service is extremely lacking !
towels in the room is definitely an ongoing problem .
you ask for them over and over , even in spanish and it takes about 5 inquires before they arrive .
should not have to ask for towels for what you are paying .
think twice about going to the dominican republic with your family and kids .
topless sunbathing everywhere .
smoking is encouraged everywhere and if you inqurie about a non - smoking section , they look at you like you 're crazy .
this destination is geared toward europeans as a whole .
the food is a very big disappointment .
fatty steaks , poor quality poultry and seafood seem to be the norm .
the rave reviews i see are in the winter months , but i can see that staying away from this place yearround is my take on it .
cancun , mexico is a much better fit for families .
it cost too much money to fly to the dominican republic to have your vacation disapointed with poor service .
service that does not have to be poor either .
also , prepare for long waits for the trolly .
and when you return from the trolly , prepare to smell like gasoline as the fumes penetrate every piece of clothing on you .
stay away !
wish we could have loved it , but . . .
we received a travelzoo special deal on paradisus for a package price with a guaranteed upgrae at the hotel .
we booked it and pre - paid on the hotel web site ( they 're part of sol melia ) and asked the hotel for help with booking transfers .
we received the confirmation of the transfers from karina rijo at sol , but when we arrived there was nobody waiting and we could noteven find the transfer company she referred us to .
we got a cab . once at the resort , we tried to check in with lourdes at the front desk .
she had a reservation for us but had no record of the upgrade .
she did not even have a record of the payment , though she did have a booking .
after nearl 80 minutes at the front desk , we finally paid the booking again and took the lower grade room .
unfortunately , we found that we 'd been at the front desk so long that we 'd missed the opportunity to book a reservation at one of the better restaurants at the facility , so we figured we 'd just chill and have dinner at one of the buffets . dinner is a funny thing at paradisus .
there are a number of restaurants at the resort , some of which are open and some of which are closed on any given day .
the schedule says you have to make reservations between 8.30 and 3pm each day for the following day , but the reality is that if you show up after 9am you 're ou of luck .
the good restaurants fill up within minutes ( they have a premium reservation package for an extra fee and i suspect those people get first crack at the good tables ) so get there early .
on the first day we went to one of the two restaurants that did not require advance reservations and were told ( at 8.30) that the wait was about an hour .
we went to the other one and , again , the wat was about an hour .
curiously , we found that the better restaurants that required bookings were , according to the staff booked to capacity but the rooms were only about half full .
when we finally did get into one of the restaurants , we noticed that , again , the good restaurants were still only about half full .
and when we left 45 minutes later the tables were - -you guessed it - -about half full .
on the second day the story with the restaurants played out about the same , except that we tried going earlier - -about 7pm .
again , the better restaurants would not seat us because they were full to capacity and the others had a 60- minute wait .
a friend in the hotel business said that some resort operators deliberately keep the number of bookings at the better restaurants way below capacity to save money and channel people into the lower cost places .
but if you 're getting lines of an hour , is that a reasonable course of action ? it migh have been worth it if the food had been good , but it was not .
they might have a focus on lowest common denominator , but i 've never seen such beautifully arranged and presented food that was so incredibly bland .
devoid of flavor , dead , vapid .
contrast that with the bar , which was stocked with lots of top shelf alcohol up front - -for display only , though .
i saw the drinks were actually mixed with no - name bottles below the view unlss you specifically asked for it to be made from one of the good bottles and watched the barkeep make the drink . one thing that was great at this resort is the beach and the grounds .
whoever manages the grounds deserves a medal .
the housekeeping staff and groundskeepers are wonderful and the surroundings are lush and beautiful . we really wanted to love this place but could not .
the beautiful grounds could not make up for the terrible management .
we wo not be back , and i do not think we 'd go back to a sol melia place either .
i 'm sure the locals take their cue from the sol management .
i will not be a repeat customer . . . i 'm seeing all these positive reviews on this site and i 'm seriously wondering if i stayed at the same place as these people posting positive reviews . issue #1: only about 20% of the service staff spoke english .
the list of people who could not communicate with us included our housekeeper , all room service staff that delivered food to our room , waiters and waitresses in the buffet and hostesses in the buffet .
the list goes on . . .
if you go be prepard to speak spanish . issue #2: many of the service personal were just plain unfriendly .
i think this is probably in some ways related to the afore mentioned communication gap .
that being said , the last night of our stay i did encounter a particualrly rude front desk attendant .
i phoned the desk at 9 p . m . to report that our remote control stopped working ( you cant use the tv without a remote ) and i was informed that i would have to wait until tomorrow .
on the night stand next to the bed is a peice of litterature that gaurantees all defects in room equipment will be remedied within 15 minutes . . .
so i pointed this out to the unfriendly attendant and a new remote was promptly delieved to my room . issue #3: beach towels were difficult to impossible to get after 1p . m . issue #4: the food . . . lets start with the buffet and the market grill . . . it was nothing to write home about and at times it was watery and picked over ( gross ) .
aside from the food the buffet was horribly understaffed .
most of the time i would be done with my meal before the beverage i ordered arrived .
also , it was difficult to get a seat due to the high number of tables that had not been cleared from the previous diners .
the premium resturants required 24 hours advance reservations even if tables were open if you did not have 24 hours advance reservations it was impossible to get a seat .
unfortunatly , i ca not write anything about the premium resturants because i did not make 24 hour advance reservations , therfore i had to settle for watery and picked over . issue #5: the water sports staff . . .
in the sales propaganda there is a list of free or included watersports .
like kite surfing , kayaking , sailing , paddleboats , ect . . . ok . . . so you walk down to the water sports area and all . . . i mean all the equipment is stacked up on the beach and you say . . . hey , i wanna go kite sailing and immediately the guy starts trying to sell me a premium service . . . like parasailing or fishing .
which i had to say no to at least 12 times before he stopped baggering me .
then he proceeds to tell me that i need to make a 24 hour advance reservation for watersports .
remember me saying that the equipment was stacked on the beach not being used ?
i pointed that out , and he ddi not budge .
so , i made a reservation for the next day and when i arrived the wind was wrong for kite sailing . . . so i made a reservation for the next day and when i arrived i guess the guy saw that i was not going to quit so they decided to allow to kite sail .
see a pattern here ?
lazy and unintersted , that 's the best way to describe them .
i could go on , but you get the point . . . service was just horrible . ok . .so what was good .
the beach was never crowded when we were there .
alcohol flowed very very freely , although i do not drink .
the resort was very well manicured .
the rooms were very nice , lots of stonework , a big bathtub and a separate shower .
flat panel tv 's , free minibar in the room .
the pools were very nice , lots of places to find sun or shade , whichever you prefer . i was amazed that they 'd spent so much money on the resorts construction and totally fumbled on service .
i mean just failed miserably .
i suppose that 's why the beach was empty . . . best wishes . . . tc 
trouble in paradise the hotel was fantastic , the ground and ocean were better .
our only problem was somneone entered our room and removed a gold charm braclet . .
i notified the maid and she had my wife speak to someone and no response .
we were on our way home and went to front desk and tried to file a loss and every time another guest came over we were pushed aside .
hotel needs improving . . . . just got back from staying at the paradisus . . . went from feb 22-28. . .and have to say i was a bit disappointed with the hotel . it started with us arriving at the hotel late due to delays with the airline , once we got there , the lady behind the counter rushed us with the paper work , and did not give us our bracelet for the property , which the next day , we were stopped twice by security . good thing i guess about that was at least i knew security was watching out and making sure everyone walking around was indeed guests staying at the property . the grounds are beautiful and well kept , have to give them that . . it was nice to walk around and listen to the music which plays from the gardens . the room was nice , but plenty of mosquitos inside , turns out , when they clean your room , they do so with the door open , so definetely bring your bug spray ! ! you 'll need it to for when you eat outdoors . did have problems with house keeping , they 're very lazy in that aspect , only once did they come in the morning and that was after we called to complain , all the other times was when they got around to it . . restaurants were good , vento and the french were the best , have to go to those . . . buffets had everything , from american food to food that the natives eat , so you really wo not go hungry , but of course , remember you 're not in the usa ! ! so do not expect top notch food !
service in the restaurants which you had to make reservations for was better than at the buffets . . they tend to see you sit there with no drinks , and have no problem just walk right by you . beach was ok . . . found the water to be a bit rough so if you go with kids , be careful , was surprised , it had a decent under tow , so you had to be on guard with the water and its waves .
the undertow pulled the sand from underneath and tended to make the water murky .
the chair situation was a joke .
if you were from royal service you had no problems , they had plenty of space for them , moreso than for the regular guests , i found that strange being that only about 1/4 of the rooms there are for royal service .
at 10am i went and walked around for a bit to find an empty chair to put under the palapa , they use palapa 's instead of umbrellas , everyone tends to wake up super early and reserve chairs with towels . i went to see the new area that they have , its called the reserve , its about 5 months old , very very nice area , with there own pool , and own restaurants .
is it worth the extra money ?
depends on you . . . the people that work there , definetely cater to you more and are a lot more friendlier . . . walked around and everyone was saying hello , and smiling .
went to eat at vento which is there and the service , food , atmosphere was top notch , could not say anything bad about it .
at the reserve , you have a different check in area , there own little golf carts which take you from place to place . . . for the beach , you have your own reserved area , which is only for them , with better ammenities , like better chairs , they have beds with pillows , waiter service , guys who come around taking your drink order . . . rooms are better as well , did not get to see one , but heard they are more modern , with plasma tv 's and other ammenities as well .
again , is the x - tra money worth it ?
depends on you and your budget . . . if money was not too much of an issue i would definetely upgrade , its better service all around . oh . . and check out , be ware . . . when you leave your room , make sure you take the security key from the safe with its big yellow looking thing , i guess you would call it the lock and key ? anyways . . . had left the room with just the key . . thinking im returning the key , good enough , but they made a huge stink about me not returing the yellow lock thing , they did not let us check out , even as our transfer to the airport had arrived and was waiting for us , they had called security to go to our room to double check and needless to say after 20 minutes of everyone arguing with each other , the transfer guy is yelling at us saying he was going to leave us , i had to run back and retrieve it myself , where was the security guard who had gone to my room ?
who knows , perhaps still on its way . . . all in all , the overall experience was ok . . . the grounds was beautiful but the people that work there need to greatly improve there customer service skills , in order to give the client a better experience , i speak spanish and that still did not give me any better advantage .
if i had to chose a paradisus property , hands down i would pick the one in riviera maya .
a place to just , relax . . . .well not quite .
my boy 's and i had the chance to visit the dr this past winter during their spring break .
after reading some reviews here , and talking to some friends , we decided to visit paradisus .
the hotel is about 30min from the airport and on the southern coast .
it is situated in a very lush tropical setting and the grounds are beautiful . we arrived around 6pm and waited over an hour to check into the hotel .
while there seemed to be plenty of hotel staff , they were really not focused on taking care of the guests as they arrived . after a lot of confusion we were taken to the family conceirge to check in , and they too were a bit confused and unorganized .
eventually , we were given our rooms but the confusion did not stop there .
one of the rooms was occupied by another guest , who was suprised to see 3 boys appear at their door at 900p ! !
we moved into one room , while the conceirge went to figure out where the other room was .
about an hour later they found a room to use for one night in another part of the hotel .
it was almost 1030p before this was ever resolved .
the next day we had to move to another set of rooms that were adjacent to each other .
we had an all inclusive meal plan which was very convenient for all of us .
the downside is that you are pretty much locked into eating within set times , and there are no late night places to get a snack or late dinner .
the restaraunts are not the resorts strong point , in fact they are all fairly average , the one exception is the one that is on the beach and open for lunch - this one had a pretty good buffet in a nice setting on the beach .
the pool is very nice , but you need to claim your spots early in the morning to be assured being close to the pool .
the beach is also very nice , good surf , nice wide beaches .
this too requires a little advance scouting to claim chaises etc in the early am . if sleeping on the beach/pool and completely relaxing due to a lack of activities is not your thing .
you will need to get off the property .
the lobby had quite a few services geared toward scuba diving , snorkling with sharks ( more of a booze cruise ) , atv 's etc i used the gym , it was very small for a resort of this size , but if you hit it at the right time you had the place to yourself . for us it was nice to get away and spend time together , but i would not return to paradisus .
the restaurants need to improve , the room decor could use an update/refreshening and the hotel staff was just a bit to unorganized for my taste .
could use some work went to punta cana last april with my fiancee as the relaxing leg of a ski 'n 'surf trip ( we started in whistler bc , went to san fran to visit friends of my fiancee , then went to the dr after a stop back home in nyc ) .
booked the royal service - a deluxe junior suite with jacuzzi .
when we arrived at the hotel , we 'd just beaten a major afternoon downpour .
as others have mentioned , to check into the royal service , they have to truck you out to the royal service check in area , which is a short five - minute drive from the main building .
by the time we 'd waited 20 minutes for someone to take us out there , it was pouring , so we hopped onto a tarp - covered and soaking wet passenger cart and sped through six inch deep pools of water trying to keep at least our top - halves dry by holding the plastic down as we went .
they ca not control the weather , but they could do better in keeping people dry .
frankly , the whole idea of a separate check - in may be exciting for some , but i 'd rather arrive and be shown right to my room to settle in - i can get oriented later . we sloshed into the royal service check in area and were met with blank stares when we told them the name on our reservation - when booking through orbitz or another online agency , make sure you print out your voucher .
fortunately , i had my blackberry and was able to show them our reservations - telling them our reservation number was not good enough , and i 'm fairly convinced they would have thrown us out if we had not shown them the email .
after an hour of checking in ( much of it waiting for someone to pay attention to us , then for our room to be ready ) , we also booked some reservations at a couple of the restaurants for the next few days ( we 'll return to that later ) .back into the rain and to our soaking transportation , all the way across the property to a room on the far side .
the room was large , damp , cold and uncomfortably furnished .
the bed was hard and there was only a thin polyester blanket and some worn sheets , which were as damp as the rest of the room .
it did not have an electronic safe , so i asked the porter to bring a lock for the old - fashioned safe to put away our valuables - it arrived the next night ( after a complaint in the morning ) and a second lock arrived the next morning ( more on that later ) .for kicking back and relaxing during the day , it was wonderful - we enjoyed breakfast and lunch at the royal service dining room .
the royal service pool and beach were clean and relaxing , and the bartenders were generally very friendly .
i should note that there are a lot of smokers at and near the pool bar - i used to smoke regularly and still sometimes smoke on vacation , so it did not bother me , but i 'm sure others will be turned off by that . we hit the gym one day , which was decently appointed and had mostly working machines and a reasonable selection of free weights .
we also scheduled time on the tennis courts and had a good time hitting some balls around - the guys tending the courts were extremely friendly . i 've waited too long to remember all of the details of our dinner fiascos ( plural ) , but the gist of it is that we called on our first evening to change our reservation for the following day and were confirmed .
that day we were supposed to receive a reservation voucher to bring to the restaurant - by the time we got back to our room that evening , it was nowhere to be found .
we called to complain and were told they did not have any record of our reservation ( neither our original one nor the new one ) .
we trekked over to the royal service area to complain and , lo and behold , were met with blank stares again .
the worst thing is that the staff does not apologize and try to make things right , they just get defensive .
the only thing we ever heard from them was we have no reservation for you - you have to reserve in advance , you ca not just call right before .
even that would have been ok , if they had just prefaced it with an i 'm sorry , but that was something we did not hear the entire time we were there .
i 'm a pretty nice guy - my fiancee makes fun of me because i do not complain and i overtip even for bad service .
perhaps i was not forceful enough , but i have to say that on the day we checked out the guy at the next desk was virtually screaming at them ( after a half hour of fairly calm arguing ) and got basically the same reaction i got with my calm explanations that they had screwed up .
finally , as a consolation prize , they gave us a 6- ish reservation for the restaurant ( the japanese place ) for the following night , and we clearly only got that because someone else had cancelled - still no apology .
all that said , we should have avoided the finer dining places altogether .
the japanese place , as i 'm sure others have noted , is a benihana style joint that is basically fried rice and teriyaki .
i 'm a pretty huge sushi fan , but i have to say that you should stay far away from the terrible sushi - if you 've ever had sushi before , it will be upsetting - if you 've never had sushi before ( as many at our table had not ) , it will make you wonder what kind of lunatic would ever eat the stuff .
we cancelled our reservation at the french place , as we heard pretty terrible things about that as well .
my suggestion for food is to stick with the latin themed places - the mexican and brazilian joints were both perfectly good and exactly what we expected .
no surprises and a better selection . the bar near the royal service pool was lovely at night - softly lit , not crowded but full enough to have a nice hum about the place and lots of laughter .
the casino was a little depressing - bright fluorescent lights and a few tables , each with a couple of people who were a little too serious about their gambling considering the setting . we only went to one entertainment event , in the restaurant area/indoor bar down by the beach .
it was a little odd to say the least .
it was kind of a rave atmosphere - i ca not remember what the theme was - but it had a sort of depraved thing going on .
there were female go - go dancer types on raised platforms and an oiled and well - muscled man in nothing but a speedo , roller skates and sunglasses roller - dancing through the joint and grabbing delighted middle - aged women to dance with .
the strangest thing was that there were all these kids there , ranging from 10 to maybe 16 years old - people had brought their families down for a little entertainment , and the kids were dancing around in strobe lights next to these grinding , provocatively dressed staff members .
thinking back to when i was 13 or 14, i probably would have thought it was pretty awesome to dance around with a bunch of hot , scantily clad dominican women , but at 30 ( which was pretty young as adults at that place went ) this was just surreal and disturbing .
clearly there were parents there - some were dancing with their kids .
i 'll confess i had fun just watching the strange scene , and i 'm sure many of the more traditional shows with musical numbers , etc . are more appropriate for the families and seniors who are the majority of the guests . finally , we checked out ( we stayed 3 nights ) .
we asked to have our bags brought around and to close out our bill .
here we come back to that matter of the safe lock .
i left the lock attached to the safe with the key in it and the safe open - the other lock and key i placed inside the safe .
as we are waiting for our luggage at the front of the resort , i 'm told that they ca not check me out because there is still a charge on our tab that needs to be taken care of .
i ask what the problem is , and they say that i left the safe lock in my room and i need to confirm that i have taken everything out of the safe and retrieve the lock , then sign a release .
if i do not , , they 'll have to remove the lock ( ? ) and charge me for both locks ( ? ) .
i tell them that i took everything ouf ot the safe , left it open intentionally , and left the key there .
they are welcome to take the lock , and i will sign the release , but i will not pay them for the lock , as they have it and the key .
the head of security is paged and , after a 20 minute wait , tells me that 's not good enough .
i have to go back to the room and confirm that there 's nothing left .
after arguing about it and agreeing again to sign the release , i 'm told its not enough - i 'm a lawyer , and while i 'm not fluent in spanish or dr law , the release had an english translation and unless dr law is crazy , the release would have completely covered them for liability if i left something behind .
finally , i agree to go to the room , i get on the back of the security chief 's scooter , schlep all the way to the room , look at the safe , take out the lock and hand it to the security chief , sign the release , and schlep back to my waiting fiancee .
thank god we planned to get to the airport very early , because this would potentially have made us miss our flight if we had let if get much closer . so , if you 've read this far , you 're probably asking how i can even give the place two stars .
if i knew what it was going in , i probably would not have found the experience so frustrating .
you need to go there expecting very little and you 'll probably come away with a much better experience , both objectively and subjectively .
plan to go and sit on the beach or by the pool , eat mexican or dominican food , and try not to rely on the property to do anything for you .
if you can do that and get a good deal on price , it will be fine .
the setting is lovely , the people are ( for the most part ) friendly , and there 's free food and drink .
good enough , i 'd say .
over rated if want to sit on the beach and relax and do not care too much about anything else than this place is for you .
check in is a disaster be prepared for a long time at the front desk as the staff constantly stop what they are doing to answer the phones .
our room was not ready when we checked in and we could not get into it until after dinner and we still did not have sheets on the bed and were asked to leave again so the housekeeper can finish the room .
the restaurants are fair the chineese was good , the seafood was fair , italian was good this is the only restaurant open daily for lunch and dinner other than the buffet .
the buffet is a typical buffet , but not all the food is labeled .
there is not a mexican restaurant on the property when we asked where it was the guest services informed us that one of the restaurants turns into a mexican restaurant on monday nights , but on monday it was no where to be found and no staff knew where it was either .
the rooms smell moldy , and we did have some mold in the corners of the bathroom .
the pool is nice but the all inclusive package allows you to just use one pool , you ca not use everything on the property .
the spa is nice i would recommend a massage on the beach $75.00 ( u . s ) for 1 hour .
the eco walk park they advertise is closed .
the casino they 're supposed to have n the property is also closed .
the fruit basket and champagne they offer honeymooners was not ever sent to our room .
which if you 're not comfortable with an open bathroom this is not the place for you . there are not any doors in the bathroom only shutter - saloon door style pieces of wood hanging in front of the toilet .
so privacy is very limited .
make sure you bring tons of extra sunscreen as it 's $26.00 for a small bottle in the gift shop and bring bug spray as there are a lot of mosquitos . .
the pool is nice a long with the pool bar , but here 's where you 'll find the majority of the little kids .
you could walk to everything on the property but there is a tram that will pick you up and bring you around also .
the activities are hard to find and figure out where they are happening and when .
there is also supposed to be a fun pub/karaoke bar on the property but after a while we gave up looking for it . ?
the beach is beautiful and well cleaned , the lounge chairs on the beach are comfortable but they do fill up fast so get there early .
and he security on the beach does a great job on keeping away vendors and time share people .
we were not bothered by anyone once .
there is a desk in the main lobby for any questions or concerns or help around the hotel but there are only two people working it so be prepared to sit for awhile as there is usually a line up .
paradisus is only a word . .
i needed almost a month to write about the holiday my wife and i had on december , trying to find the proper words . .when we arrived we were stored in a sort of cellar that they call room with a king size bed with only a night table , on the right , while on the left it was closed to the wall , a bathroom without windows , and a strange smell of somethig ancient all over the room . .the day after we asked for a change . .we saw even the royal service rooms . .the same of the other ones with a little jacuzzi . .no way . .we decided not to waste our money . .we tried the restaurants . .should i talk about them ?
chinese : all plates with the same flavor ; japanese : the caribbean chef had no idea what is a real japanese cuisine ; french : c 'mon this was acceptable ; brasilian : food taken from the freezer directly to the microwave oven ; marino : maybe the best ; italian : not tried . .we eat italian cuisine every day ; mexican : open only one day a week , impossible to eat there , too much people ; the buffet in one week had every day at lunch the same plates . .but the beach was so lovely and the sun and the wind make you forget almost evertthing , at least during the day , and the pool too . .the staff was so kind and not too oppressive with the people not interested in doing activities . .so . .if you are searching only relax and drinks for free and you do not mind about food and luxury you can go there . .but they have to work hard to reach the five star they have on the travelling catalogues .
good and bad just got back last night from 5 days at paradisus punta cana .
the resort grounds are a tropical paradise , the beach is one of the most beautiful in the world .
i went horseback riding on the beach ( included in all - inclusive rate ) and had the best massage i 've ever had at their spa .
the food was good for an all - inclusive and the 24 hour room service was friendly and very quick . sadly , the rooms are in desperate need of renovating .
the pictures on the internet do not show the cracks in the doors and paint , the chips in the furniture and the small square cushions they try to pass off as pillows .
the worst is the lack of privacy in the bathroom .
the toilet is in a room that only has western type swinging doors .
if you are sharing a room with your spouse or a friend and you need privacy , the other person has to go out on the patio .
it 's ridiculous .
and worst than that , my girlfirend and i think our beds had bedbugs .
each day as our trip progressed , we noticed tiny red bites on our legs .
at first , we thought sand fleas , but we never noticed anything biting at the beach .
after a few nights the bites were getting worse , mainly on our legs .
when i got home i researched on the internet and i definitely think we were bitten by bed bugs .
i am going to write the mangement and let them know .
a bit overated at first glance , paradisus is a wonderland ; you are greeted at a beautiful lobby and surrounded by well manicured grounds and a wonderful beach .
the problems with this hotel lie beneath its surface .
the staff were terribly inefficient ; it took an hour for us to check in , despite the fact that there was only on couple in front of us and there were a few staff personnel standing behind the counter doing nothing .
while the bartenders at the resort were friendly , the rest of the staff were not , which in my mind is a very big flaw for an organization that is catering to travelers .
the all inclusive feature of this hotel is great if your primary motive for travel is to drink a lot of alcohol .
but if you are expecting gourmet meals , or even good quality food , you are likely to be disappointed .
the food here is of the quality you might find at chain restaurants ubiquitous throughout the us ; nothing exciting or inspiring , just a way to get some calories .
did not live up to expectations my husband and i went there for 5 nights for a part of our honeymoon .
i must say , my initial reaction was complete disappointment .
we arrived at the hotel at 4pm , to find that our room was not ready .
we asked if there were any available upgrades and the person at the desk was very quick to say no .
we said that we were willing to pay any difference .
he told us the hotel was full and to check back tomorrow .
we were then escorted by our guide to the bar to get a drink where he proceeded to give us vague information and material about the property .
he then pushed us to go have a late lunch at the only open restaurant in order to kill time before our room was ready .
we went and ate then headed back to the lobby to get our bags and hopefully check into our room .
we ended up getting to our room at 6pm and our keys did not work .
we had to sit outside in the extreme heat waiting for somebody to come let us into our room .
15 minutes later we were into our room but could not leave because our keys did not work .
the maintained man advised us that somebody would be up shortly to drop off working keys .
the room was ok .
it would have been much better if it did not smell like must and have a moldy ceiling .
there also was not any water pressure .
after i placed a complaint call down to the desk that evening we were upgraded/moved to another room the next day .
the room was mold free , closer to the beach , and had water pressure .
much better .
the dining arrangements were the most difficult thing to figure out .
it turns out that our ??uide? ? didn??
provide us with any of the dining information , so it took us about two days to figure out .
there are around eight restaurants .
only two - three of them are open each night .
there is a desk in the lobby area of the dining building that lists the open restaurants every morning .
at that point you can make a reservation ( there are only two that take reservations ) or just figure out where you plan on eating that night .
be prepared for local cuisine in the buffet for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .
they don?? label a lot of things , so it?? a guessing game .
the food wasn?? necessarily bad , it was just different .
the different cuisines they offered at the restaurant were pretty good .
not five star food , but not terrible .
there really wasn?? any nightlife to be found .
there was a show in the lobby at 10:15pm every night in which a small gathering of people could be found .
the bar would stay open for about an hour after that , and that was pretty much it .
the drinks were pretty good .
they don?? have every liquor that you could hope for , but enough to get by and stay happy .
swim up bar at pool was great and fun to hang out at .
if you plan on having a drink during lunch , it may be better for you to grab one before going in since the drink service at the restaurants in very slow . the resort itself was beautiful .
there are little golf carts that are set up as a transportation system to take you around the resort .
we found that everything , but the lobby , was close enough to walk to .
it was a nice touch though .
the beach was great .
we never had a problem finding chairs under the huge palm umbrellas .
they have double person , cushioned chairs which are great to share .
we were told that we went during their off season so they only had half buildings open and half the staff on call .
which is also why only two restaurants were open each night .
they were doing a lot of upgrading and construction , so there was no theatre which is why all the shows were held in the lobby .
also be warned that there is no air conditioning anywhere .
the hotel rooms and the two indoor restaurants are the only places you will find air conditioning .
everything else ( lobby , restaurants , bars , etc . ) are open aired .
this is wonderful when it is pleasant out , but torture when you have to eat your dinner in stifling hot temperatures .
all in all , we were not thrilled with our visit .
we decided that the next all inclusive we go to will be someplace more tropical and at a bigger brand resort .
not a 5 star resort ; maid had sticky fingers i was at paradissus from april 22-29, 2007, along with my wife and two kids (1 and 2.5 year old ) .
by no means is this resort geared to children of such a young age ; though they never advertised as such .
the kids club starts at 4 years old , and the babysitters speak poor english , which made it difficult for us to find time to ourselves .
most of the staff were very friendly towards our kids , as it seemed a large proportion had kids of their own , with their families living hours outside punta cana . our garden view suite was awful ( building 10, ground floor ) .
the roomwas extremely musty ( upon arriving home we had to wash our clothes twice to get the smell out ) , the shower did not work and the tv was about 20.
not exactly what we envisioned a five star resort to be like .
further , one morning i left my wallet on top of the tv while at breakfast , and came back , room made , and us$150 missing from my wallet .
initially i chalked it up to miscounting my money , but when the next day i noticed another us$120 missing , i called security .
they ran an electronic audit on whom had entered our room , and the only person had been the maid .
she denied it , and from their point , the case was closed .
the manager did not even try to make amends , but rather said you should have used the safe .
in hind sight , that was the right thing to do , but then again , you should not have to worry about your personal belongings in your own room .
bottom line - use the safe provided . food - average - typical resort food .
though nice to have the varietywith all the a la carte dinner restaurants . beach - by far the best beach i have laid foot on .
gorgeous blue water , sprawling waterfront , and cabana ; s with mattresses made it unique to other resorts .
beach bar great to have a few afternoon drinks at . scuba diving - equipment/diving included in all - inclusive package .
i did two , 30 minute dives reaching a maximum depth of 40 feet .
visibility was about 30 feet , aquatic life was average .
great comraderie with other divers .
non - licensed divers were able to go out , albeit not to same depths - i am a bit skeptical of this practice .
the resort was ok , but in my opinion not worth the money . check - in was smooth .
room was ready at 3pm like promised .
i went with a group of 50 for a wedding , and requested we be somewhat near each other which was not accomodated - we were spread out all over the resort .
this place is huge . . . huge .
the walk from the lobby to the main pathway itself is long .
there is a tram to take you around , which comes whenever it wants .
make sure you have everything you need with you when heading to the beach or pool because it 's a long way back .
the pool was really nice and the beach/ocean was great - definite pluses .
the food was not that great - repetitive , which is common at an all - inclusive but the choices overall were limited .
the best meal was at the french restaurant , which was for the wedding reception - not sure if that made a difference .
drinks were very good .
i did not care for the service/attitude of a good portion of the workers - some were very nice , but others were unfriendly or a little aggressive , especially if i was without a male friend .
room was fine , had a nice little patio .
my friends had the royal service and we still had a nicer room . i would not recommend this resort .
and i do not think i would go back to the dominican republic again ( three in our group came home with scarlet fever ) .
it was way too expensive for what you get .
i 'm sticking with mexico , especially the riu chain - food good , hotel nice , workers great , good price .
great bartenders lousy service otherwise my wife and i decided to stay here because of our great experience we had in costa rica last year at a paradisus property .
what a mistake that was .
we finally got two of our friends to join us on a vacation .
we promised them it would be worth the money as well as to pay the extra money for the royal service .
the hotel should have paid us to get the so called royal service .
upon arrival the check in process was very smooth and the lady was very pleasant in the concierge .
after that the service went downhill fast and i mean very fast .
any time i needed something ex : tee time for golf , reservations for dinner , massgae for the girls it seemed like it was a hassle for them .
nobody smiled or greeted you with a hello .
the only staff members that were great were lizardo at the royal service pool and the bartenders in the front lobby bar .
the food was good not great except for the seafood place ( awful ) .
the grounds were well kept , rooms were average ( somewhat dirty ) , pool was nice and the so called private pool in royal service was nice .
they allowed anybody in this so called private pool even if you did not pay for the upgrade .
the beach was beautiful .
overall , i felt bad because my wife and i travel once a year and our friends do not .
they still enjoyed it but the service levels were not what i promised them based on our great experience at another paradisus .
my suggestion is look elsewhere .
will not go back my husband , and our 2 friends stayed at ppc for 8 days , doing the royal service , which was a waste of $$ .
do not do it ! !
the service is no better than what everyone else recieved - we have stayed at the paradisus in costa rica , and that is rs ! ! ! the resort itself is beautiful , but service is horrible - we had so many issues . the food was not great , which wears on you after a while .
i would not go back , although the dominican republic itself is beautiful .
paradisus severely lacking .
stayed at the paradisus for our honeymoon sept .
we arrived at the paradisus around 4pm on the 18th and were greeted with a strawberry fruit drink while checking in , in the expansive , gorgeous open air lobby .
upon arrival to our room we found a beautiful arrangement of towel figures upon our bed along with good night spelled out in flowers .
very nice touch . . . . . . . until i went into the bathroom and found it infested with ants .
i called the bellman back along with the representative that checked us in and was assured it would be taken care of while we went to get something to eat .
upon searching for somewhere to eat we discovered that the place was like a ghost town ( not a bad thing ) and that the only place to eat was at the italian restaurant .
one restaurant open at 4:30 pm ?
not exactly my idea of exclusive service and definitely not mentioned during booking or in the brochure .
having no choice , italiian it was .
the food i ordered was not the food i recieved and the pizza was less than acceptable .
upon further investigation i found out the resort was operating at less than 20% capacity .
returning to the room i was disappointed again to find that our insect infestation problem was not addressed .
i called the front desk and was told someone would be out immediately .
within 5 minutes a hotel employee showed up with a can of bug spray and a rag and went to work . 5 minutes later he is finished and leaves .
the bugs are still there and now the room smells like raid .
i call the desk again and voice my displeasure and request a new room , which they take care of in about 30 minutes .
no apology , no offer of upgrade , no sort of compensation .
this review could go on forever so i will condense .
for the next 5 days the resort had a series of rolling blackouts which they would announce with a note under your door everyday .
this meant no electricity in certain portions of the complex everyday .
no electricity means , no blended drinks , no ac , no light to see during the buffet breakfast ( which there is only one of everyday ) , no hot water , etc .
i dont know if this is a way to save money when the resort is slow or what but definitely unacceptable at a supposed 5 star resort .
now on to my main complaint .
the resort has a claimed ten restaurants open for dinner , with two of them requiring reservations .
every night , and i mean every single night of our stay , a minimum of four of the listed restaurants were closed , and two were actually just one place named twice .
each night there was no more than three choices of places to eat .
the worst part was , you did not know what was going to be closed until the day it was closed .
we did not get to eat at the mexican restaurant ( which we heard was outstanding ) because it was only open two nights we were there and we had reservations at the other two restaurants those nights .
what a major disappointment .
false advertising aside , i feel as if i did not get the exclusive all inclusive treatment that they advertise and that i paid for .
dont promise me something that i paid for and i expect to get and then not deliver because its the off season , or your not at full capacity .
as far as the grounds , the beach , and the pool , absolutely beautiful .
walking to the shops , you may want to mentally prepare yourself for the abuse you will take from the local shop owners ( aka vultures ) that will swoop down upon you to practically drag you into their shops .
would i ever i go back to the punta cana , yes , would i ever go back to the paradisus , definitely not .
beach and property are beautiful my boyfriend and i are 35 and 36.
we stayed 9/17-24/06.
check in was fine , the room was kept clean except for the flowers which have ants in them , and the occupancy rate had to be less than 20% , which made for boring evenings and paying the royal service worthless since they let anyone do anything or go anywhere and there was no service on the beach for drinks , big disappointment for me .
the breakfast at the royal service lounge had no variety and not any better than the buffety except the a/c .
the fruits were not ripe and milk and juices were not cold . because of the lack of people , many of the 10 restaurants were closed everyday , buffet did not open for dinner the whole time and closed for lunch several days .
a lot of confusion when planning on where and what to wear to eat .
men are suppose to dress , but it was so hot that many of the restaurants relaxed the dress code and others did not .
my boyfriend was served spoiled meat twice , the lamb at the albufero and the mystery meat at the italian .
this caused him to lose his appetite and eventually 6 lbs during his stay .
mexican , japanese , chinese , and marino were fair .
beach party food was awful unless you like whole grilled fish which we did not .
el romantico and sakura made men dress , while all others did not .
we heard that the el romantico was good , but did not eat there .
electric went out several times for several hours during our stay which caused the drinks to not be cold , the meats to spoil , and the inability to take a hot shower to be frustrating .
the walk to the beach and pool from our room in bldg#19 caused us to walk by the guys by the little shops at least 2-3 times a day and each time they would try to sell you the timeshares , jewelry , and atv excursion which became a real nuissance after the 2nd day and repeatedly hearing , you guys just check - in ?
for 8 days ! ! also , watch the atv excursion price .
we were told it was $85/person and i over heard him tell another couple in spanish that it was $36?
we did not go because of this .
the casino is cheesy and they switch up the rules on the poker table at $5-15/bet .
we heard a couple of people say that they had one $200-400 which is what we were hoping for to pay for an excursion or two , but no luck .
most of the people there pretend they cannot speak english , until you question the rules when they switch up the pay out on your win and then they can speak perfect english .
the shows in the evening were okay .
gave you something to do to pass the time away .
however , i did not like that the property was so split up with the main lobby , etc . at one end and the majority of restaurants at the other .
this spread the few people that were there out too much , so no nightlife , per se . the beach is beautiful and love the beds , the pool is nice but a little warm and the music at the pool bar too loud , but lunch there was decent and the people very friendly .
the employee services were good .
royal service butler , nelson ortega , is awesome ! ! miguel perez cannot speak any english , but entertained me while i tried to practice a little of my spanish .
the royal service lounge personnel were somewhat snobish and never offered a drink when i walked in the door like they always did when i stayed at the riviera maya paradisus .
again , maybe the royal service is worth it when it is during their peak season . . . overall , my vacation was nice because i went for the sun and sand , but although the property is beautiful and most of the employees are friendly , i will not plan to return because i did not find anything exciting about staying in the dominican republic and heard everyone at the airport and on the plane complain of their stay and food at all the different resorts .
also , i will reconsider before booking during the off - season as it was too hot , there were no people , no service , and almost too boring , believe it or not ! : ) the drinks flowed and with alcohol , but the presidente beer gave me major gastrointestinal problems and was only good when really cold which was hard to get .
the paradisus and pina colada mixes that they kept on hand were hardly ever frozen and were too sweet .
i liked most of the tequila sunrises , and learned that i liked the white rums a little better than the dark rums , but still tasted of too much coconut for me .
i 'm not a big wine drinker , but did enjoy their lazo chardonnay .
finally , i enjoyed my stay much better at the paradisus riviera maya in mexico even though it was not quite as pretty when i stayed there over the july 4th holiday a few years ago .
you got private shuttle from the airport at no additional cost , beach service incuding snacks , no electricity shut offs , royal treatment in and around the property , particularly at the private lounge , and oceanfront rooms .
however , you did have to make dinner reservations everywhere except the buffet .
after speaking with a couple , i wo not give up on paradisus properties just yet as i heard the san juan property is nice .
beautiful , but poor service this is a real review from a real person (26 yrs ) punta cana was overall a good getaway , but not the all inclusive you 'd expect if you 've ever been anywhere else .
beautiful landscaping and beach .
i 'm not picky with food , but the selection was lacking for the stars this place was rated .
there were too many golf carts , motorcycles , scooters , and transports on the main walkways .
we had to keep dodging them every 30 seconds .
we lost power for a while 2 of 7 nights .
the maids were kind as hell , but stayed in the local closet all day and never replaced soap , etc .
they would take 5 dirty towels in the a . m and bring back 3 in the p . m .
and to top it off , about half of the servers had attitudes when you couldnt speak spanish ( for real ) .
i 'm not asking a lot , but to have the bar tenders and waiters grunt at you on vacation is disturbing .
i was even asked to show my bracelet at the swim - up bar !
all of 10 people having a good time and this guys asks me to lift up my wrist , insulting .
i should have demanded a refund , the nerve of this guy .
when we ate at the japanese place and sat with other guest , they all had similar complaints .
definitely not worth the price and not returning here ever .
trust me , much better service and quality in mexico , etc .
not happy my husband and i and 2 other couples stayed at this all inclusive resort .
we are all experienced travelers , and were not happy in our experience there .
the rooms were not very clean .
upon arriving i had to request the bedding be changed .
the white bed spread was very dirty .
is not that something that is changed with every new guest ?
it looked like a tire ran across it .
the tiny bugs in the bathroom set me off my rocker .
i had no coffee maker , no robes , no iron , all as promised in the room discription .
our friends room had a broken lock , and could not leave the room until it was fixed .
the waste of a half a day .
our other friends were moved completely across the compex because their air conditioner did not work .
then their television did not work .
the staff spoke english only when we had money in our hands .
the bank teller was down right rude , and had a very bad attitude .
i am sorry i am a tourist in your country and you are working while i am enjoying myself .
you would not have a job if this were not the case stupid !
she ignored us and told the person who let her know we were waiting to let us wait .
the bank opened at 9:00 and it was already 9:15.
the food really was decent for an all inclusive , but any of the reserveration only restaurants were booked if you did not place your reservations the day you arrived .
fortunately our travel agent advised us of this and we did .
the food and the drinks were pretty good .
i am a very good cook ( if i do say so myself ) and a bit of a snob when it comes to restaurants .
the steak at the steakhouse was fantastic , the lamb at el romantico was great . the seaside buffet was incredible .
so many choices , and very fresh . we all did , however , experience stomach problems towards the end of our trip .
this did not even happen to any of us in mexico .
i do not think it was the food , i do think it was the water .
even though there is bottled water in the room , there is no sign saying not to even brush your teeth with it .
it is four days since my return and i am still ill as are a few others .
the only other thing i can add was that the excursions were very expensiveand limited to people in optimal health .
one excursion that our friends went on was an hour and a half trip to a remote dominican village .
they were put on an unairconditioned bus , and then on a monster truck in 93 degree heat .
no bathroom .
( can be a problem ) .
if there were airconditioning we would have gone .
my husband is 52, asthmatic and i love him .
i would not think of putting him through that as much as i wanted to go . horseback riding on the beach was very nice , but again you had to book the day you arrived .
alot of research is needed before going to any of these places .
we have been to many all inclusives .
this was our worst experience , and was supposed to be a 5 star hotel .
are they putting all their effort and work into the new paradisis ? better luck next year 
the good and the really bad .
having read the good andbad reviews , i went there with a open mind .
this resort has some of the most beautiful grounds of any hotel i have ever stayed at , and i do a lot of traveling .
the restaurants , food and service ( at the restaurant and bars ) were outstanding , and i was never found hungry , or thirsty .
the beach was beautiful , but not what i expected .
i tend to like the calm clear waters , not the pounding surf of the paradisus beach .
i 'm sure for many , this is not a problem , but i do a lot of snorkling and scuba , so this had very little to offer in that regard .
you can take a free snorkling boat which leaves everyday at 10, 11 and 2 oclock , but good luck getting on .
i stayed there for 10 days and was only able to get a reservation on the 8th day .
thank god i stayed longer than a week , or i would have never snorkeled at all .
the only really bad experience i had was with the excursion desk .
they are located in the lobby , but have no real connection to the hotel at all .
i booked the dolphin excursion for my family ( over $300.00) and was told to catch the 12:30 bus on the following day .
we got there at 12:00 to make sure we did not miss the bus .
well , at 1:00 no bus had arrived .
i found the guy i booked it with and he told me that we missed the bus .
not only did i have a picture of the bus on the brochure , but i asked every driver that drove up if this was our bus , so i know we did not miss it .
any way , the guy said that we can wait for the 2:30 bus .
i told him that we may just want our money back .
he pleaded with me to take the 2:30 bus , so i told him i would ask my family what they wanted to do .
i was gone no more than 5 minutes , only to see our guy walking down the driveway to go home .
there was know one there to return our money , so we waited for the 2:30 bus .
the excursion was not worth the money .
wedid take the saona island trip which was great .
paradise lost reviewlet me start by saying that this review will be fair and was done without any bias based on our experience .
my wife and i travel frequently and have a fair amount of international travel under our belts .
i hope that this and the other review will help you when trying to chose a resort . the resort is stunning and is truly paradise .
this was our first trip to the dominican and we would return to the island again in the future .
the resort was very well manicured and the staff truly strives to make the guests feel at home when they have the opportunity .
they take pride in their resort .
that being said i think we just chose the wrong week for our trip .
i would not recommend the week of spring break ( april 17 ? ?22) for your stay .
this was the week following easter and the resort was full or over capacity .
the other resorts surrounding paradisus did not appear to be as full as this based on our walks on the beach .
the service overall was less then expected .
i do think again that this was attributed to how over booked the resort was and they could not accommodate all of the guests in a manner they had previously been known for .
one of the main reasons we chose this resort was the glowing reviews from previous guests .
i spoke to some repeat guests and they had a significantly different experience in the previous year and mentioned that the resort had sent a lot of the better staff to the new palma royale resort they just opened in december 2005 up the beach .
my overall rating of this resort based on our stay and experiences of our stay would have to be a b - .
when you pay for an all inclusive 4.5 star resort you expect near perfection and pampering .
the biggest concern for the week should be if you put on enough sunscreen and what kind of tropical drink to order , not whether you can actually use the activities and services you paid for . restaurantsthe meals were average and not what we had expected from a 4.5 star resort .
our expectations were what you would find on a cruise and not in your every day restaurants in the us .
the food did lack the flavor and the spice you would expect of typical caribbean dishes .
although you only were required to have a reservation for the japanese and the french restaurant , during our stay all of the dinner meals required a reservation .
we were lucky enough to get to try all of the different restaurants of our choice at least once during our stay .
the staff at the royal service lounge did come through on this and due to a cancellation got us a reservation at the much coveted french restaurant .
long pants are a required for all restaurants at night . ??a
albufera ( steak house ) ograde : b - oreview : the restaurant was similar to several us steak restaurant chains .
they offered 8 different main courses including steak , turkey , fish and pork . ??l
romantico ( french ) ograde : a - oreview : this was the best food we had on our vacation .
the service was outstanding and the food had great flavor .
this was a change from the other food that we experienced while at the resort .
the restaurant offered 5 or 6 entr?es and delicious desserts .
??arino ( seafood ) ograde : coreview : this was our least favorite of the restaurants we tried .
being from maine and having access to most all seafood , this did not live up to our expectations .
the fish was dry and lacked flavor .
??olce vita ( italian ) ograde : boreview : this restaurant serves both lunch and dinner so it served multiple roles for our stay .
for lunch it offered several good pasta dishes and pizza .
the provide take out options to take to the beach which is a big plus . ??adizo
( brazilian ) ograde : boreview : this restaurant was a typical churrascaria like you find in many larger us cities .
it offered table side service of steak , turkey , pork , lamb , sausage and chicken all rotisserie grilled .
some of the meat was a little over cooked but all had good flavor . ??a
palapa grill ( lunch ) ograde : b+oreview : this is a buffet style restaurant that offered numerous foods , from local fresh grilled fish , cook to order pasta , grilled steak , lamb , pork , fresh fruits , cheese and breads , and hamburgers and hotdogs . ??ybiscus
( breakfast / lunch ) ograde : b - oreview : this is a buffet style restaurant that offered numerous foods , from local fresh grilled fish , cook to order pasta , grilled steak , lamb , pork , fresh fruits , cheese and breads . ??ip
lounge ( breakfast ) ograde : b+oreview : this restaurant is only accessible to the royal service guests .
it provides an air conditioned private dining area that has made to order eggs , fresh local fruit , cheeses , breads , juices , coffee and cappuccino .
room servicewe used room service several of the days during our stay .
they had a limited but good menu and always delivered in a timely manner .
the champagne was always cold , but the food was served cold on the occasion that we ordered a warm meal . royal servicewe paid the additional fees to get the ??oyal service? ?
this was supposed to provide several additional services to pamper the guests .
unfortunately we found this to less then royal and provided no additional service over the standard paying guests .
i do believe this was a function of the resort being over booked for the week of our stay .
i am not trying to make excuses for the lack of service .
believe me , when you pay hard earned money for something you expect to get it . we were supposed to have a concierge / butler for our stay and the only time we saw him was on the day we checked in when he transported our bags to our room that was not ready on check - in at 3pm .
the other staff at the vip lounge did try hard to accommodate the quests , in spite of the tremendous scrutiny from the other us guests that were very unhappy with the service . activitiesthis was probably the biggest disappointment of our stay .
one of the benefits of an all inclusive resort are the activities both water and land .
due to how overbooked the resort was , we were limited to a waiting list for all of the land and water activities .
one would expect that over an entire week , you would be able to take part in the services that you paid for .
when we arrived on monday and tried to schedule our activities for the coming week , everything was booked already .
finally , later in the week , due to no shows , we were able to get a snorkel excursion to a coral reef , which was well worth it , and a boat excursion to the ship wreck ??stron? ?
i heard stories from other guests that pre booked activities well in advance of the stay and there reservations were not upheld .
i can only speak for our experiences and really feel that the resort failed its guests severely in this area .
they should know their capacity and the services that will support that capacity .
we were never able to get a reservation for horseback riding or the other more desirable land activities . roomthe room was a very nice , king jr . suite , exactly as described .
the building we were put in was #31, which was only the second building close to the beach .
i would recommend building #19 or #25 if you have the choice .
the second floor provides an exceptional view of the ocean .
the only drawback to our room was the a/c would not get the room colder than 73 degrees .
this was not a real issue since we spent the days at the beach and the nights having fun .
drinksthe drinks were average .
the tropical drinks were made of pre mixed flavors versus fresh fruit you would have expected from a higher class resort .
they did use local dominican rum when requested .
the wine and champagne was all from chile and was also average to above average in quality .
the only beer they serve is presedente . night lifethe night life was fairly good .
each night provided some sort of vegas type show to entertain the guests .
would not go back we went to paradisus feb 20-24th 2006.
all in all , i would say this was a 3 star hotel trying really hard to please , but does fall short on quality . the food was merely passible .
the entertainment was the same as i would have seen at my daughters high school musicals , and unless you are really into water sports , there is nothing to do but lay by the pool or beach ! the room had a cockroach in the minifridge , and sand fleas in the bathroom . although one phone call took care of this , i just feel that before check - in a room should be inspected for cleanliness .
the curtains in our room were also stained with something brown and gross , and although i asked for someone to address this , no - one ever did .
also , bring lots of sunscreen , my whole family got totally toasted in the hot , hot , sun !
not quite the paradise we expected , and the city is so poor and deserted , i would not reccomend going off the property .
next year we would definitely not return to this resort or this country . .there are plenty of other places to go ! !
mixed experience we were there the last week of january .
a very mixed experience , the end result of which is we would not go back . staff : most of the staff was very nice and helpful to the extent of their english , which combined with our little bit of spanish was usually ok .
some were especially friendly and helpful , some could not be bothered .
typcial , i think .
we tipped here and there which was mch appreciated . food : the steakhouse , the french ( el romantico - book as soon as you can ) and the mexican were all very good , with wonderful service .
the italian was awful at lunch , the brazilian was bland , and the buffet at the fish place was terrible - do not bother .
i did hear people raving about the italian , though , so maybe we just ordered wrong .
the breakfast place was always good , with very nice staff .
my companion got sick , we were not sure what from - perhaps just brushing teeth using tap water for the first day .
i did the same , but did not get sick .
but then we switched to bottled for everything .
the bottled water is good and provided all over the place . drinks : if you want a mixed drink , you need to order carefully .
either it will be alcohol free , or poorly made .
wine was always good . beach/pool : the beach was beautiful and clean , but unfortunately the wind was so rough that after the second day sitting on the beach was a trial .
our eyes got sand blasted .
which brings us to the pool . . . it is a beautiful pool , but because of the beach situation , it was way too crowded , and at times like a public beach on a july weekend .
not pleasant .
if you did not get there early , you did not get a seat .
( though i know some people paid the towel guy to find them seats , and that worked ) .room , grounds , facilities : the room was nice enough , but worn out looking .
needed new bedding , etc . towels were changed every day , but we seemed to get fewer given than taken away !
the main area is beautiful , with a lot of nice seating .
the grounds were ok , everything was walkable .
the spa was nice , though the steam room never worked , in spite of our being told daily that it would work tomorrow .
staff was pleasant and helpful .
not too hard on selling the extras .
the ecological walk was a total joke - a fake , dirty little walkway with two sad monkeys in a cage .
stay away from it - it will make you sad .
in sum , i 'd rather go somewhere with more natural surroundings , perhaps less contained so that if it does get crowded you can get away .
it was not a relaxing place to be .
not recommended .
stayed at the paradisus punta cana jan . 16-23, 2006.
paid $375 per night for 2 adults , all - inclusive .
booked via the hotel 's website and purchased our airline tickets directly from aa . paradisus is 25-30 minutes from the airport ( puj ) .
a taxi will cost $25 one - way .
us dollars are accepted everywhere in the dominican republic , no need to exchange currency . the good . . . .the paradisus is beautifully landscaped with lush , tropical grounds , very clean and well manicured .
the lobby area is incredible , open - air and very tropical .
many of the restaurants are also open - air and very well decorated . the swimming pool is one of the largest pools we have ever seen and the beach is beautiful - - great for long walks .
our room was very nice , clean , and recently re - modeled .
we did not pay for the optional royal service and do not recommend it . the bad . . . .service .
we have traveled to over 25 differnet islands in the caribbean and have been to every country in central america .
this was the most unfriendly , unskilled , unprofessional staff we have ever seen .
i would guess its more a cultural difference than a training issue .
they just do not care , have no motivation , and no supervision to ensure that even the simplest tasks are completed .
the poor level of service was consistant from the front dest check - in to the restaurants to the housekeeping staff .
the room is nicely decorated and furnished , but the beds are hard as a rock .
other friends we were traveling with had the same experience in their rooms .
and the pillows - - they only have one type : flat and old !
not what you would expect from a 4 star , let alone a 5 star property . food .
most disappointing .
the buffets are quite large and extensive , but the quality is just not there .
the food is not hot enough .
as for the restaurants , we ate at 8 out of the 10 choices .
we liked the italian and brazilan restaurants , but again , the service was terrible .
each restaurant offers a wine list , but each night they were out of many choices .
on our last night they only had 1 choice of red .
we opted for beer instead .
we have stayed ot other sol melia properties and would rate this one at the bottom .
even sol melia 's 3 star resorts have better food than this place . misc . . . . . other things to be aware of .
the ocean is very cold .
perhaps 10 degrees colder than the bvi 's or western caribbean .
there is never a problem finding a chair or palapa on the beach , but the pool chairs disappear very early in the morning .
we like to walk and enjoyed walking the grounds , but you should be aware that it 's a 15-20 minute walk each direction from the lobby to some rooms or the restaurant/ beach area .
also , the service vehicles , vans , tram , and scooters use the walkways and will not give way to guests .
watch out and step aside when they pass .
overall , we were disappointed and wo not be going back .
no royal service one week at a resort that advertises a royal service and can charge for such but does not deliver .
it lacks the attention to detail required to class itself as a five star .
we had a very nice room 2191 close to all facilities but the only difference between us and those that paid far less was a bigger tv and a slightly larger room .
if you get this property as a sell off or at a reduced rate go for it but do not pay full price and never book the royal service because they cannot deliver .
if you are use to the treatment at a sandals go back to a sandals , we all work too hard these days and you want what you paid for so pay the slightly higher price at a sandals but return home refreashed and not frustrated .
we had planned on visiting paradisus costa rica but based on this adventure will not .
objective account of what you will get for your money here you probably are , planning to spend $300- $400 a night for a great vacation at the beach in a 5- star all - inclusive resort .
well , here is what awaits you , the good and the bad . let?? start with the good stuff .
the beach is very nice with enough space to lie both in the sun and in the shade .
that being said , the paradisus doesn?? have exclusive access to it as a number of other resorts share this long strip of sand .
the pool has a very nice design and is extremely pleasant , so much so that a good number of guests seemed to prefer it to the beach .
the grounds , as many reviewers have said , is superb and gives a real exotic touch to this resort .
finally , we were pleasantly surprised by the food variety and quality overall . now for the not - so - great stuff .
in one word , the paradisus is not a 5- star hotel , far from it .
although the paradisus is a fairly new resort its rooms already show their age .
the paint looks old , the color choice is dreadful , the furniture is tasteless .
a couple of interesting things to note : ants , broken king - size bed , broken lights , dirty bathtub , questionable bed sheets , terrible sound - proofing of the main door .
after two days we filled out a form to have some of these things taken care of .
eleven days later we were still waiting? ? noise can be a major problem , especially if you have neighbors who take full advantage of the free booze and the casino which closes at 3:00am .
indeed , you will encounter people from all four corners of the world with different views about what constitutes appropriate behavior at 3:00 or 4:00 in the morning .
be warned !
now on to room service .
expect to have to call for everything , we mean everything : towels , soap , shampoo , water , fridge refills , etc .
even motel 6 gets this right ! let?? move on to restaurant service .
here again , the key is to be proactive , otherwise you??l simply be ignored : ask for more water , ask for more coffee , more wine , etc .
to boot waiters are most inefficient .
case in point : the self - service area ran out of cereal bowls - a daily occurrence mind you ! - so after asking three different employees i finally get someone?? attention , and he goes to the kitchen and brings back??ne bowl !
never mind the five other guests behind me who also wanted one .
as for the more formal restaurants , don?? be fooled by the many choices of wines and dishes .
many times they told us that ??hey just ran out? ? of this particular wine !
one night at the chinese restaurant they ??ust ran out? ? of duck ( for me ) and tofu ( for my wife ) even though we were the first to order that night .
to wrap up the food section i??l add that the hours are inconvenient : all restaurants open at 7:00pm for dinner .
i don?? know about you , but sometimes ( especially if you have kids ) we like to eat earlier , all the more so when you realize that it gets dark really early ( ~5:30pm ) .finally , the worst part : the reception service .
these were probably the most unfriendly employees i have met in the hotel business .
they will stop processing your request to answer the phone and chat for five minutes with what seemed to be a good friend of the clerk .
they will send you to your room , and when you realize that you need a lock for the safe they will tell you to come down to the front desk to get it ( a good 15- minute walk ) .
but that?? if everything goes well .
if you are like my wife?? parents who came 2 days later , then they won?? have a room for you !
i guess they ??ust ran out??? ? this is also a daily occurrence it seems .
indeed , i overheard conversations of other guests who were in a similar bind the next day .
i barely tolerate airlines overbooking , but 5- star resorts overbooking ? ! ? in closing , let me add that knowledge of spanish is essential .
english and french are rarely understood , so brush up starting now ! in a nutshell , management at the paradisus punta cana ( and maybe solmelia management in general ) seems to think that because of some of the enviable attributes of its resort , namely the beach , the pool and the grounds , it can get away with substandard service and unfriendly and untrained staff .
well , i disagree because it leaves us with the uneasy feeling that management is lining their pockets by charging western prices and hiring unskilled local labor at third - world rates , stashing away the difference .
that alone should be reason enough to look elsewhere .
we were not in paradise our stay in hotel paradisus for 8 nights has not been good .
the price we paid and the service provided us has not been of 5*****quality and the reason are : transportation to the hotel was very confusing .
no welcome drink or greeting upon arrival .
we saw it later with other arrivals .
room serviceroom service needs management .
not enough towels or sometimes nothing until 6pm .
bed linen was for a queen size bed .
we had a king size bed ! !
most of the time we got no bottle water for cleaning the teeeth or drinking .
no colorful bed spread .
the brochure and the webside looks fantastic but none of them was there .
no extra bedding for the night because it was sometimes cool .
too much noise from other ruede guests with no manner which came home between 4am and 5am in the morning and talked for one hour in front of their room .
we asked for another room , no answer .
asked for another mattress because it was like you are sleeping on a stone .
we called to the front desk and got promised they will change it , nothing was happen during our stay .
sofas in room were dirty and damaged . bathtop curtain was to short and the bathroom was allways flooded after taking a shower . food servicefrench gourmet - nice presentation but no seasoning , very bland and no taste . sakura
japanese restaurant - the cook was from the dom .
needs no explaination . palapa grill seafood restaurant - grilled fish overcooked , dry and fishy . lunch buffet - not enough selection .
quality was not very special and no flavour .
nobody knew what 's in the chafing dishes or on all the plate , because no labelling . dolce
vita italian restaurant - some of the dishes were good . we never tried the mexican restaurant or the brazilbeverage servicefront lobby bar - very good in the night .
excellent bartenders . beach bar - very slowbar by hibiscus restaurant - very unfriendly and bad set up not guest friendly . we found only 4 bars and missing the other 3 which we read on the webside .
waitersfriendly but 70% spoke no english and was sometimes difficult to get the right thing .
head waiters from the restaurants to take the order mostly unfriendly - no smile . the landscaping was very beautiful and well groomed .
all restrooms in restaurants were nice and cleanin all we paid for a 5*****hotel and got 3*** service .
we are very dissapointed .
we heard so many complaining during our stay and hope the took some time too to let them know . we were blinded with the wonderful brochure and the webside about this hotel paradisus .
we travelled all over the world and had never such a bad experience . two very dissapointed world traveller . bh
disappointed in the hotel staffs behavior .
the resort is beautiful and well kept .
the room was comfortable .
i enjoyed the international cuisine at the various restaurants , but that is where the problem was too .
i spent five days there eating breakfast , lunch and dinner .
i felt like i was in the deep south of the united states in the 1960's .
every place i looked people were being served hand and foot with big smiles from the restaurant staff .
everyone but me and my party who happened to be african american and non spanish speaking . we spent most of our time requesting the simple services it seemed everyone else was getting as a matter of course .
it did not happen once or twice , but every time we went to eat .
complaining made no difference in the service .
other blacks from the states told me they did not have this experience when they visited an all inclusive in dominican republic , but it certainly was mine .
hockin on our honeymoon my husband and i stayed at the paradisus punta cana from 5/30/05 to 6/6/05 for our honeymoon and after reading the reviews written on this website , we decided to book with the paradisus anyway because you 'll never find a resort with all positives and no negatives , and since we 're the type of people that could have fun in a library ( lol ) we figured that we could make the best of anything .
the grounds are magnificent ! !
the people there are always smiling .
the entertainers are full of energy and always trying to make sure that everyone is having a great time !
there seemed to be an excursion for almost everyday if you wanted to do that or if you wanted to relax by the beach and get a massage or by the pool , you could do that as well . you could learn salsa and merengue and go parasailing and horseback riding .
now the down side .
if you do not speak fluent spanish , you could have a problem .
absolutely no one speaks fluent english .
my husband and i both took up to spanish 2 in high school and in college , and we were still struggling .
we had the vip package , ( which i suggest if you are going to go to paradisus and will explain in a bit ) and even the extremely nice ladies in the vip office had trouble understanding us .
this made things like asking if the water was from the bottle or the tap very difficult and we 're not sure if it was the water or the different type of cheese ( not real mozzarella ) or just the different cooking that they use there but we were sick almost the entire trip .
now we knew that we could get sick because of the reviews here on travel wizard so we came prepared .
we brought everything from pepto to immodium , to tylenol sinus and allergy .
nothing would help us .
not to mention that the bathrooms had swinging doors that did not stay shut , and so you had no privacy to be sick in .
there goes the honeymoon ! ! lolthe few foods that we recognized and liked were the very same foods making us sick and by the time of the last 3 days of our trip , we could not wait for the airplane food .
also , out of the 7 or 8 restaurants that they had there , only one , the italian restaurant , was open for lunch , except the buffet and just do not even bother !
and it was the cheese on the pizza that was constantly making us sick .
neither one of us is lactose intolerent but there is something wrong with the food down there .
we did not go back to work when we were supposed to because we were sick an additional week and a half after we came home ! it is very depressing if you leave the grounds because it looks like the country is at war .
you might also see a little boy standing alone with no shoes on asking for money .
this is a third world country and i never understood what that meant until i was there . but listen , if you 've booked already , do not fret .
i found out that if we would have brought cipro with us that it would 've taken care of our symptoms in no time .
plus , if you 're going , make sure that you do the vip package because it really is worth it .
they 'll bring you room service at all hours of the night which we did do .
you also do not have to buy cigaretters once because they always have it behind the bars for free and room service will bring it to you .
the more you tip , the nicer that they 'll be .
if you have a strong stomach and are not one to get sick , than hey , try it .
however , if you know that you have bad luck or do not like trying new food , than this place is not for you .
one out of every couple that we met was sick .
only one couple that we met did not get sick at all and they said that they would go back next year and we have a feeling that it 's because they 're from puerto rico and so they could be used to the way they cook and the water .
this is not a luxury resort my girlfriend and i went to punta cana last week ( early may '05) .
just a small background , i have a small business and i travel extensively .
i??e personally visited 15+ countries and stayed in some excellent resorts .
also i am half dominican . paradisus is one of those all inclusive resorts without a management team that emphasizes service .
i will get back to service in a second and tell you the positives about the resort .
they have amenities such as a great pool , a lovely beach front , random fun activities such as a batting cage , horseback riding and some very nicely manicured grounds .
the staff at the paradisus are very gentle people .
all country type folk from the adjacent city of higuey .
spanish speakers are at an advantage in the resort because their english is not what it should be .
most resorts in the western hemisphere demand that their staff speaks english .
paradisus does not from what it appears .
now to the service .
we requested early check - in due to the fact our flight came in at noon and check in is at 3. we arrived only to find our room was not ready .
after a long conversation the front desk mentioned they would look to see if an equivalent room was would be available and to sit in wait .
we waited 2 hours , and then at 2:55 our room was ready .
so i guess my early check - in meant saving 5 minutes . once showered ( medium tempetured water appeared the warmest we were able to get ) we walked the grounds and went to the pool .
at the pool ( as in the beach ) their is not roaming drink service .
you literally have to go to the bar .
in the pool that is not a problem because their is a bar in the pool .
the beach on the other hand makes you walk 1 -2 city blocks to go to the bar .
and , unfortunately the bar is in a restaurants and their policy is no shirt no service .
very inconvienient . speaking about the restaurants each is at best mediocre .
the two worst are the buffet and there french restaurant ( which you need to make reservations for ) called el romantico .
my girlfriend and i attempted for 3 days to get reservations at el romantico thinking nothing could be worst then the buffet .
we were told by one of the concierge to go to the front desk to make reservations .
we walked approximately a mile because the bus service had not come .
when we reached the front desk , we were told to walk back to another concierge and they would make the reservations for us .
i was livid and said it 's it 's a reservation , why ca not we call .
unfortunately back to the service issue , we were turned away .
sadly , we got back to the concierge at 4pm on the dot and reservations were closed which made no sense .
after complaining in spanish for 15 minutes they amazingly found a reservation for us at 9:30.
to my chagrin i ordered the steak and it tasted like fish and i ended up getting a stomach bug . the next day we went horseback riding .
it was nice even though we were with a group from 2 resorts , approximately 20 people .
no individual service . we met many couples all seemed very similar in their opinion of the service at the resort and the quality of the food .
a couple complained how the staff always tried to sell you time share in the adjacent lot .
at the beach staff would walk showing you schematics with possible pricing .
it was just not a classy thing as you 're sunbathing . all in all , i?? go to the other side of the island ( boca chica or la romana ) .
they have more developed resorts with more of a view on luxury .
not 5 star paradisus - kristine  michaelwe stayed at the paradisus for the first time this year .
this was our second trip to dr . last year we stayed at the iberostar dominicana .
the only good thing about the paradisus is that they have a big food selection .
otherwise in my eyes the service is not 5 star .
i had five problems : the first night we had a link from window because of rain . the water was all in front of our bed .
we called front desk like two or three times and it took them about an hour and half to respond . the only way the mess got cleaned up was by the maid who was passing by .
so technically the front desk never sent anyone to the room .
the second incident was the phone in the room did not ring so by that i did not receive important calls from parents for one whole day because of this and i did not get a new phone till following day .
the third incident was the maid never left towels on of the days we were there and they did not bring them until after we phoned them like three or four times .
the fourth incident was that maid did not make up the room one day until 3 pm and we had to call house keeping again like 4 times before they responded .
the fifth incident was that we called on two different days for a wake up call and we never got any of them .
the food was k not bad .
drinks was good .
we had god weather we were there for 7 days dec 29 - jan 5 2005.
our room was near the beach .
we went parasailing , horseback riding , rented atvs and went on a boat ride .
i would go back to dr again but not to this resort 
not a 5 stars ! ! ! ! secrets excellence is a real 5 stars in punta cana we just come back from a 2 weeks vacation in punta cana .
we did a week at paradisus and secrets excellence .
we are well place to compared two 5 stars .
we are also experience travaller in south . first , secrets excellence in a 5 stars but paradisus is not !
paradisus is a 4 stars but you pay for a 5 stars . . . we appreciated : beach and massage ( anita ) we did not appreciated : persistent seller of timesharing/excursions , etc ( if we want something , we will go see then . . . ) , train process ( allways full ) , unavaibality of the good restaurants ( we pay for a 5 stars . . . . ) , towel problems every day . . . . , room cleanest acceptable but not a 5 stars , need more barman !
take 10 minutes to get a drink . . . , all staff are in burn out . . .
we pay for a 5 stars not a 3-4 stars ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! , no body speak english , unavaibility of catamarans . . . do you know what you will feel to do in vacation in 3 days at 3 pm . . .
not me ! ! ! !
so we did not do catamaran ( and we pay for a 5 stars . . . . ) for the same price , secrets excellence is a real 5 stars ! ! ! have a good vacation .
did not expect to be so sick we changed our flights to leave two days prior to our scheduled departure .
my husband and i love the benefits of all inclusives but by the third day , i was only eating dry toast and cheese and crackers . we took advantage of the royal service in this resort and the staff were great - they helped with every request that we had .
you can certainly tell the resort is getting used to such a high volume of tourism though - we received mail in our room for a different room and one night , at 11 pm someone knocked on the door to give us an extra room key that we never lost or requested none of this was major , just something that we noticed .
there are a ton of chairs everywhere and the grounds , pool and beach were amazing , i just wished that we could have used them more .
after every meal , both my husband and i were sick and in the bathroom .
i got so paranoid that i restricted everything that i ate .
it all came to a head when my husband , who was fine and in the pool with me , came in the room for the day to get ready for dinner .
out of literally no - where , he began to shake , shiver and had a fever .
within 20 minutes , he was violently vomitting .
after that , he began to start to feel better .
by the next morning , we knew we had to leave .
we vacation once a year , and this was no way for us to enjoy ourselves .
we are not adventurous , we like to relax , lounge and eat .
we spoke to the hotel , who mentioned that they cook in coconut oil and that some people do not take to it well .
although , they did offer to cook special meals for us , this was no way for us to spend our all - inclusive vacation . we spoke with a lot of other guests who , for the most part had mild discomfort for their trips .
we spoke with antoher individual that was rushed to the local hospital for the same symtoms as my husband .
we read all of the reviews here and do not listen to anyone complaining about the rooms , beach or pool . so , we came home two days early anyway . . . . . everyone has a vacation , sooner or later , that is not up to par .
we are not overly picky and can overlook most things but a cheese and cracker meal for dinner every night was so disappointing . we can not tell you to go or not to go , because there were plenty of people having a blast , we just were not . when you go to the paradisus , take an open mind and if the food agrees with you - you will have a great time because the resort is just beatiful .
i just hope that people do not react to the food the way that we did .
absolutely horrible in every way . . . except maybe the beach my fiance and i went here on a one - week vacation last year .
safe to say , we were disappointed .
upon arrival at noon , our room was not ready , which is not that big of a deal .
but , we were told to come back at 2 pm , which we did , only to find nothing was still ready .
at 3 pm , we got our keys , only to find out our luggage was missing from when we dropped it off upon arrival at the front of the hotel .
after 15 mins , our luggage was found and we took the tram to our room .
the room was still being cleaned !
after a half hour , we went in to find two double beds when we had reserved one king .
we called the front desk and were told another tram would pick us up to take us to another room , which took another half hour .
when we got to the next room , there was no lock in our safe to store our personal items .
so , we were really held hostage in the room for an hour before a staff member came with a replacement .
on the third or fourth day , we came back to the room to find a huge puddle of water on the floor from our in - ceiling air conditioning unit .
we called management , who sent a repairment to fix it that minute .
the only problem was that we were getting ready to go to dinner and we then had shards of aluminum , concrete , and plaster all over our room , not to mention a greasy staff member in our room with our valuables that we did not trust .
all in all , the management of this hotel is a joke . we agree that the beach and pool are adequate , though forget about finding shade on the beach .
the chairs do not have covers for shade .
seating by the pool is not normally an issue . the food is , in a word , atrocious .
my fiance got sick on the first day , and i got sick on the last .
the food is not for americans .
you might find one or two items the entire week to stick with for breakfast and one or two restaurants for dinner .
the only real restaurant is the romantico , which is booked solid every night .
best of luck if you 're considering this resort .
but the chairs on the beach . . . .
the hotel is very fine , the meal a1 but this hotel does not care about the people who want to enjoy the beach or the swimming pool .
there is a lack of chair and the customers reserve their chair from the middle of the night . i will never come back here again .
beautiful resort for europeans . . . . . what a beautiful resort .
i have never seen a better place .
i want all americans to understand a few things that are not entirely negative but surprising .
one out of three workers speaks no english .
one out of three speak a little .
we were there 6 days and met 3 americans and 3 canadians who spoke english .
the dinner food at the 10 restaraunts was incredible .
take long pants guys or you ca not eat at the restaraunts ! ! !
the hibiscus buffet for breakfast and lunch was not great .
nothing was labeled on most days , and most food was odd to america .
( tomato soup with squid and mussels ) etc .
food safety is not known there .
the grill cook gave me a fillet off the grill with tongs he just used to put raw fish , chicken and beef onto the grill .
i put the meat back .
we had money taken out of our zipped carry on .
we reported it and were told it was our fault for not locking it up .
our bags and personal items were looked through daily .
after the theft i did little things to see if they opened the bags and they did .
the hotel manager never apologized .
bavaro splash was awesome but they sold a dvd of us snorkeling for $40 and when we got home it was not us .
i think they need to update the staff before i would return to paradisus .
pros and cons . . . oct 5- oct 12 having travelled to 9 wi islands i had some concept of what to expect .
however , this is rated a 5 star property and should be reviewed as they undergo the upgrading of older bungalows and enclosure of restaurants .
we were able to summarize that these complaints were from guests in the orginal bungalows constructed .
the construction is projected for over the next 11 months and perhaps will equate to a 5 star .
after meeting up at the airport again with the people that we flew down we were also able to conclude that all the resorts were running at 90-100% compacity because of the low prices , however , the paradisus had only 30% capacity so service , chairs etc . was ample .
the following are pros and cons . . .
the people are wonderful .
since tourism is still relatively new to the dr , try to be patient as they are all still learning customer service .
the cocatel golf course was great !
we played everday and the course could handle a pga tournament with minor adjustments playing from the golds .
this was our favourite ! ! !
the beach is fabulous . . . definetly , a 5 star !
the surf was rough some days but enjoyable !
do not wear any rings or sunglasses into the ocean .
the grounds are exotic but vast .
the trollies they provide work well for some bungalows but not all so just call and they will gladly pick you up .
the rooms certainly differ as we had an older bungalow .
our fans were disconnected because they set off the motion detector which regulated the air conditioning , hence , no movement . . . no air .
the fridges do not work to our expectations so get used to it .
we had wood rot on our door frame up to the first hinge on both sides .
obviously prior guests did not secure the liner to the shower marble to alleviate leakage .
we had a huge porcelain chunk missing from our tub hence , rust .
we had a crack in our toilet seat . . . ouch .
our white socks were dirty after walking around to unpack , furniture was scratched and the southwestern look is in need of a face lift .
there was a huge variety of restaurants offering various cuisines , french , italian , spanish , mexican , seafood , chinese , japanese etc .
the french was superb in flavour and presentation and the italian was always tasty .
unfortunatley , the french never had the shrimp cocktail offered and the seafood never had the lobster offered .
the hibiscus and grill buffets are open concept and attrack flies .
the food sits around uncovered from start to finish and unfortunately i found maggots in my fruit one morning .
chaffing lids or domed lids would put the responsibility on the guest to control the health factor .
management has offerered a discount on our next vacation to the paradisus . . . would we go back ?
simply , no .
a mediocre vacation let me begin this review by saying that for the most part what i read about the paradisus was true . . . the good , the bad and the ugly . my family ( my husband , myself and our 5 year old daughter ) vacationed at the paradisus for a week in august 2003.
we enjoy vacationing in the caribbean and have travelled to : st . john ; tortola , cayman islands , aruba , st . thomas , cancun , puerto rico , turks  caicos , paradise island , and anquilla ( by the way , in my opinion , a honeymooners paradise , not much to do there , but lots of rr and excellent food ) .what follows is our experience during our week 's stay : check in : very smooth .
we arrived at the hotel at around 11:00 am and our room was ready in 1/2 hour .
we were quickly shuttled to our room and the vacation began . pool : very large and wonderfully landscaped .
however , i must agree with many of the other reviews . .the pool , at times , was littered with straws and plastic cups .
even though i did see workers sweeping around the pool , i did not see any one checking the water .
i am not saying that it did not happen .
i am just saying that during my 5 hour days at the pool ; not once did i see the water tested .
this concerned me a little especially since the water was extremely warm . grounds : lush vegitation and tropical .
lots of different plants , trees and flowers . rooms : true to what many reviews have said our room had musty smell . . . sometimes very typical in the caribbean , but more so at this resort .
i took the suggestion of one person and travelled with scented candles and plug - ins .
our room did not have a dresser to store clothes , but did have shelves in the closet .
sometimes there was a shortage of washclothes .
contrary to some of the reviews our a/c worked well ; in fact we called for an extra blanket and our request was fulfilled quickly . beach : very large and quite crowded .
the sand itself was very soft . . . the water was a little rough ( reminded us of cancun ) and there was an abundant amount of seaweed .
topless bathers , both young and old . kids camp : almost non - existent .
the kids club was a non - airconditioned hut with a very old two swing playset in front .
not many children in the camp , and those who were there during our week 's stay did not speak english .
needless to say , we did not use that free amenity .
we were accustomed to the kids kamp at beaches and were quite disappointed .
so parents be awarefood : not too much to talk about . . . was not that impressed .
some days hybiscus had a much better selection than others .
my food does not have to be fancy just tasty .
if i had to pick a favorite it would be the steakhouse . . . good peas and rice , decent steak and fresh sauteed veggies .
as an after thought , we went to el romantico and i ordered the shrimp cocktail .
well , the shrimp were small and tossed in , what i believe thousand islands dressing , not really what i expected . nightly entertainment : the best we 've seen in all of our travels less aruba . . . very entertaining .
since there is a language barrier , the entertainment mostly consisted of dancing and lip syncing to music .
on sunday night , there were flamingo dancers which were extremely enjoyable to watch . shuttle : can become very crowded . . . however our daughter enjoyed catching the tram as she called it . would we go back . to
paradisus . .no .
would we go back to the dominican repulic . . . maybe .
there are other destinations for us to explore and try . hope this helps .
check - in at 5pm the next day beautiful grounds , nice rooms . good luck getting a room .
we prepaid for 6 rooms , but upon arrival were given only 2 rooms until 6 pm the next day .
they stated that they overbooked 40-70 rooms a night .
over half of the new arrivals were sent elsewhere , but usually they kept one room of large groups so people would return .
completely inexcusable for prepaid rooms .
people were furious , but the manager would not see anyone .
there was very poor communication by the management .
the staff tried very hard but could use a lot more training .
in addition , for 1000 guests , they had about 600 beach/pool chairs .
you had to steal a chair from one of the restaurants or another guest to sit at the beach/pool ! the food was inconsistent .
sometimes great , another time i had a lobster tail so overcooked it was like mashed potatoes .
over rated versus beaches my family of four just returned from a one week vacation to paradisus punta cana .
after having been to beaches turks and caicos twice , and beaches negril once , my family had great expectations .
at best this is a three star resort , with gorgeeous common areas , and nothing else outstanding .
the rooms are nice sized , but ordinary .
the food is fair to poor .
you can always find the odor of garbage or spoiled food , at most restaurants .
while the resort is all inclusive , my family of 4, including an 18 year old and 15 year old , found it very difficult to utilize m any water sport activities , like sailing , snorkling , wind surfing , or boating .
the water sports areas are administered by a leased party , and the personel have next to no interest in giving insrtuction , or paying attention .
we also experienced cats in our hotel room .
spend slightly more money , and travel to beaches either t c or negril .
much better vacation value ! ! !
a really hot resort first the positives - -gorgeous beach and wonderful surf .
restaurants were very good .
very nice pool . however , we spent 12 days with no air=conditioning .
temps were 85-92 with high humidity .
our requests for help were conscientiously ignored .
communication among staff at various restaurants , lobby , customer service is very poor .
we love the area and will go back , but probably not to the paradisus .
ok , but would not go back .
my family and i ( a party of 9) stayed at bavaro from aug . 10-13.
our vacation in d . r . was until the 17th ; however we ended up transfering to another resort .
bavaro was ok .
it happened to be that week they were sold out .
it seemed over crowded .
i felt like i was in disney world because of how many people .
the rooms were clean and very spacious , i have no complaints .
the food was exceptional , i did not expect anything less .
however , dinners were hectic .
buffet dinning room always felt over crowded .
we had to wait for plates a few times and it was hectic getting a waiter to serve you drinks .
the lines for the food stands were also long .
the only place with ac in the whole resort was the room .
the trolly 's to get from your room to the main dinning hall or main plaza were also hectic .
at night , for the most part , we had to wait at least 15 minutes for one .
most drove by full and we had to wait for the next one .
the main pool with the swim up bar was not too clean .
guests would leave their empty cups around the pool and i never saw staff cleaning the area until closing .
and again the pools seemed crowded to me .
the beach was beautiful , no complaints .
by the 3rd night we asked to transfer to another resort , that compared to bavaro was amazing .
much less crowded , new ( just opened in january ) and over all exceptional .
bavaro is beautiful due to it 's landscaping , parrots , flamingos , birds , flowers etc . . . and the old dominican country feel that it takes pride in .
but if you 're looking to feel relaxed , not to hustle and to be close to everything with just a short walk from your room ; i do not suggest bavaro .
as hot as the weather is in d . r . you would think that an a . c . dinning room would be a must in such a large resort , but it 's not .
oh , and one more thing , the theatre where you except to enjoy a nice show .
you do not .
it 's located in the main plaza , no a . c . and it 's open so while some are trying to enjoy the show , others are at the bar , and others walking to or from the buffet .
in other words you barely get to enjoy the show .
one more thing , if you have pre - teems or kids around the age of 8-11; it 's not a very kid friendly resort .
to sum it up , we were not going to leave our kids in what the called their kids club , a small fenced in area on the beach where the kids could play ping pong or basketball .
and any kind of entertainment or night life ( other then the casino which is outside the resort ) shut down by 11pm .
but if you decided to go , enjoy .
but for the same amount of money you can stay at a few other locations .
much preferred caribe we have gone to punta cana for 10 days each summer for 5 years .
it is an escape for us near the end of the summer ( mid to late august each year ) .
we have stayed at 5 different resorts since each time is new and exciting .
we knew eventually we would find one that we would not move on from or that we would say , we really preferred the others .
we finally found that last one .
we will be going back to any of the other four after this .
princess 's own property just down beach from bavaro called caribe was excellent but bavaro disaapointed us .
the main problem was that the place did not seem especially interested in the fact that we were there .
at other places upon arrival , they sat us down in comfortable seats .
brought us cool washclothes and drinks and brought us our room keys .
here they said , there 's the check in line .
we stood in line for our keys and found the people ourselves to take our luggage to the room .
at other places , whenever you saw an employee from the head honcho to the groundskeepers and maids , everyone had a smile and hola !
here even the anamacion staff walked right by with a blank look unless they were on duty .
the maids were the only ones who were consistently friendly .
one night we had no hot water for showers but they would not even get us another room to shower in so we could get to dinner .
it was truly unbelievable - -i finally gave up and took a cold shower .
the maintenance worked hard and got it fixed by 10:15.
we were with apple vacations but our rep had gone home already by the time we realized it would be a bigger problem than we thought .
i hope they will downgrade them from 5 star since we had better experiences at 4 star places .
apple , by the way , is excellent and efficient and makes life easier most times !
having said all that , the food was fine .
the buffet was worse than others but restaurants were better in general .
we especially enjoyed the italian (2 different excellent fish dishes ) and the japanese was excellent and fun .
we did not like the fish restaurant that was included though .
sunscape which was 5 star had much better food .
the beach was excellent ( although they 're slow to clean up the garbage - -it 's not at all excessive though ) .
it 's at a southern tip so it gets sun about half an hour longer than caribe and it 's a very deep beach - -plenty of room for chairs near the water or under palm umbrellas - -it did not feel crowded .
rooms were fine ( first time i have gone home without damp clothing from the air due to the set up of the rooms ) .
they are set up nicely ( except at night when you have two steps to the bathroom ) with plenty of space , coffee maker , refrig , couch , and table with chairs .
on the day of tropical storm fay , it was nice to have the extra space of a suite to walk around in .
we finally put bathing suits on and walked around in the rain and wind and had a grand time ! bottom line for us is that as long as we have sunshine and a beautiful beach with adequate food , we 're fine so we had a wonderful vacation regardless and will definitely return to punta cana .
little boring , marginal food !
this was my wife and my first all inclusive .
we were encouraged to go by friends who had been to punta cana , but not this resort .
the beaches were very nice , but only a single bar was open making for long lines for drinks .
soft drinks were selfserve but only in 10oz plastic cups .
by the time you got to your lounger the drink and the ice were gone .
i would suggest buying a couple of those big plastic 7-11 type mugs so you are not making constant trips just for a soda and ice .
also if you are a prude , then stay away from the beach , as you may see more than you wish to see . food was a constant chore , there was no 24 food available except through room service .
lunch was from 7am to 10am , lunch 1pm to 4pm , and dinner 7pm to 10pm .
there was a hamburger hut on the beach , which was open from about 11am to 7 pm .
lunch and breakfast was open seating at two of the seven restaurants .
dinner at 5 of the restaurants was by reservation only .
i could only recommend the asian and hibachi restaurant .
food ranged from awful to average , we did not have a single meal that was memorable for being good , just not bad . the casino was pitiful .
a few tables , and some used slot machines .
we went once and were the only non - employees there .
the staff tended to hover too much for my taste . the nightly show was junior high quality with lip - syncing and mediocre skits .
many people left a minutes into the performance each night .
we were there for a week and only lasted 1 full performance . we took an excursion into the countryside which we enjoyed the so called jungle safari .
lots of rum on a rocky truck so beware ( not for kids ) .the rooms were the best part of the experience ( always demand a 2nd floor room , the 1st floor rooms may have been flooded ) .
they were large , with cable tv , good air conditioning and a minibar .
a couple of dollars and a note in spanish each day got extra cokes and beers in the fridge .
while most people did not tip we found a few dollars here and there were very much appreciated . shopping outside the resort gates was awful , you were pounced on as soon as you left the premises .
there was an irregular shuttle bus to a mall , but it was just expensive .
the was an optional bus tour for shopping , but i do not know if it was worth it .
one night while we were there the resort supposedly allow the locals to come in to pedal their goods .
but as it was all barcoded i have some suspicions as to how local it was . i found myself bored to death after 2 days , and unless you are a beach person i think you will as well .
the resort gave itself 5 stars i would only give it two , one for the room and one for the beach .
bavaro princess ; not all that great just got back from a 4- day vacation at the bavaro princess .
the only word that i can think of to describe my stay is 'eh '.
i was in punta cana last year but stayed in a different resort , which i thought at the time was a nice place .
however after staying at the bavaro princess i realized how amazing and great the other place was .
i found myself comparing the two . .and to be honest the cons outweighed the pros for bavaro princess . pros :
- very clean place . -welcoming . -nice
big pool .
the swim up bar was pretty neat . -lots of beach area . -the
activities people were very nice and friendly .
the games and events by the beach and pool were always very fun and entertaining . cons :
- the place was entirely too big .
to get from the lobby to the beach is about a 20 minute walk . -there are trams that come about every 5-10 minutes but most of the time they are full and you have to end up walking . -the
pathways are lighted but it 's still pretty dark at night and they are not wide enough for the trams to get through if people are walking on them . -the
lobby buffet and the beach buffet are both open buildings .
which means there are alot of flies and bugs that fly around on the open food .
it 's gross . -i
was eaten alive by all the mosquitos .
and yes i sprayed bugspray 24/7 but still managed to get bitten . -the
airconditioning in our suite was not working too well .
it was cool but not cool enough to stop us from sweating . -the
casino  the club ( which is in the casino ) is not in the resort .
which means you have to take the tram to get there and it 's open to locals , which is kind of sketch/shady . -laying
on the beach is relaxing until you get 3468 guys asking you if want to parasail/bananaboat or buy from their suitcases , which is very annoying and aggravating . so
as you can see the bavaro princess , in my opinion , was not all that great .
i would recommend looking/going to a different resort before ever going to this one .
the stay was ok , but would not recommend to anyone to go there we have just returned from a week at the bavaro princess all suites .
the hotel is average and we have experienced very por level of service .
we stayed in bungalow #34, which was very close to the beach and the pool .
to get to the main buffet we had to either walk about 15 mins or take a train they have running every 5 mins or so . we stayed on a 1st floor and i could feel a musty smell all 7 days .
the rooms are quite old and especially bathroom was in a poor condition , crying for a renovation . the pool is lovely .
the towel distribution guys ( from animation team ) were rude .
they ran out of towels several times per our stay .
the working hours of towels ' service (9 am - 6pm ) do not correspond to the hours available for swimming at sea or the pool (7 am - 7 pm ) .
the waitress or waiters showed up only 2 or 3 times at the pool area during our 7 days stay , and without taking orders but for distributing remaining drinks they had with them . the shade lounges on a beach are occupied / reserved before 7:15 am and we were not able to get a spot in the shade on a beach .
our friends got lounges for us near the pool instead . restaurants are waste of time - we tried chopin ( so - so ) and a stake house - really bad .
while the food is not very good , the service is horrible - they forget what orders they take , what drinks we ask , etc .
this is applicable to the whole resort - they ca not handle orders properly and usually ( in 50% ) you would not get what you asked for .
on our day #2 we ordered 4 cokes for kids and waited for them over 40 minutes and reminded at least twice until i went to the buffet manager and he took this under his own control .
he tried to do something to impress us and not to carry the incident in a memory and arranged our special table reservation for 12 people every evening in the buffet .
nothing more than that , but a t least a try . overall i would say this is probably the worst hotel we have ever stayed in d . r . and mexico .
the best part of this travel was the beach and the weather - excellent 7 days .
it looks like we would have to stick with better chains , such as iberostar , to get a better service .
avoid this poorly run complex we spent a week at the bavaro princess in april .
let me first start with the positive .
the beach is beautiful .
drinks are readily available all day and night .
the grounds are well kept and very attractive .
the rooms are a good size .
unfortunately , with all the naturally positive attributes this resort enjoys simply by its location , the overall experience was marred by lousy service , poor management and the constant noise of the service trucks and trolleys that share the same path you use to navigate this enormous resort . it 's not that you ca not have a good time there - if you do not mind lots of noise , larges crowds , lining up for food , and herding into trolleys to get to and from your room to the beach .
if you are the sort that can over look all that and just enjoy the incredibly beautiful beach regardless how crowded it is , then you may enjoy this place . the pool was beyond disgusting .
at night , while the water was still , you could see all the un - skimmed biologicals floating on the surface and you could not see the bottom through the cloud of filth .
to be fair , they did treat the pool later in the week which elevated it from disgusting to dirty . the service was awful everywhere except the bars .
the bartenders were always friendly and upbeat .
if you pay for a platinum room , do not except to actually get one .
they consider any room that is near the platinum area to be platinum .
the rooms themselves are no different , they are just closer to the beach then most and closer to the platinum lounge . overall , since there are so many places in the caribbean that try so much harder , we will never return to this mammoth complex .
not all what i expected 12 family members decided to book a trip to where they thought was going to be heaven . .so they heard . .wrong ! !first of all the rooms are pretty old and run down . . . brush up on your spanish b/c no one speaks english very well .
we had asked for all families be kept in the same areas , well needless to say everyone was scattered and the hotel is not exactly small . to get to the beach and to the lobby you have to take a mini bus to and from all day long . . and with a stroller and children not very easy . . . and they come once every 10 minites and most of the time they 're full . .especially at peak hours .
not vey much for kids . .well not a very nice playground compared to the other resorts .
the food was alright , nothing to write home about !
not very much to do at night besides watching a show that starts at 10:00 at night . . . try watching that late show with a 20 month old . .way toooo late ! !the only good point would be the beach . . . simply beautiful , white sand and crystal waters ! !
but the whole dominican has that ! !i would not go back to this hotel , there was nothing attractive about it ! ! !
stay somewhere else where do i start ?
we booked two months or so in advance , through redtag .
we noticed we were flying into la romana airport , and although punta cana airport was much closer to our resort , we were assured it was the right place to fly into .
we had a three and a half hour bus ride dropping off a million other vacationers along the way .
when we got to the bavaro princess , we went to check in and found very few employees spoke very little english , and were confusing things we were saying .
we got keys to our rooms , but were told to go eat and have a few drinks because our rooms were not cleaned yet ( it was 4 o 'clock in the afternoon ) .
we went back to the room after being away from our luggage for hours and found the rooms we got were as far from the beach as possible .
there were big holes dug in the ground in front of each door with caution tape everywhere around some pipes in the ground .
the rooms were smelly and had mold everywhere , the bedding , the mattresses , etc .
the housekeepers had keys that unlocked the deadbolt and would show up at 8:30 and just walk in , yelling , 'hola ! ' even though you were telling them to wait till later to clean the room .
it was completely random , and sometimes you 'd be lucky to have your room cleaned by 6 pm . we eventually got a new room , at our own cost , and it was much better .
the buffet had lots to choose from , but it was always pretty well the same thing .
the a la carte dinners were great , but you had to pay for the nice ones .
the beach was amazing , and the drinks were pretty good .
the rest of the trip went off without a hitch until we got home and realized we had been robbed - all of my jewelry , a nintendo ds , even my birth control .
the porters have master keys , and so do the housekeepers - the door had been locked by us earlier .
they replaced my jewelry box back into my luggage and robbed us the night before we left , so it much have been someone working who 'd know when we were leaving .
me and my friend got bug bites ( my doctor says they 're likely bed bugs ) all over our legs and it 's been a week and they 're still itchy and horrible . in all : not a good resort for english - speaking people .
95% of tourists there are spanish - speaking or russian .
the employees cannot understand us .
we got robbed .
the rooms are unclean , even though it 's a five - star resort .
the beach , and the food were good , but the nightlife consisted of a show that ran from about 9:30 pm till midnight , after which the bars and everything else shut down .
not a good place for young people , unless you like a midnight bedtime on vacation .
warning read this before you book !
i flew down with a party of 6, of which 3 of us became terribly ill from the food .
there were other people on the resort who were very ill , so i do not think this was a coincidence . one person had to have emergency iv we saw the doctor and her explanation was that we contracted an infection from the food .
we were sick 5 days out of 7, and when we finally saw the doctor , on our check out date , she wanted to administer the iv to us because of our condition .
we declined and are home now waiting to see our own doctor .
the doctor service i must say was very good . about the food , i see some reviews were saying the food was excellent and the ala carte was good .
that for us is far from the truth .
the food tasted very plain , the ala carte restaurants had fake asian food , but what do you expect from the caribbean ?
the food was by no means 5 star like advertised .
if anything 2-3 star .
i must say one of the ala carte restaurants we did like was el goucho steak house , that was good , although on our last night we could not really enjoy our good bye dinner because we were ill . the rooms were dated , not totally clean , musty smell , and all our clothes came back smelling musty .
one other couple who went with us suffer from mold allergies , every night their throats swelled and they coughed .
i must also include the beds were horrific .
if you have a back problem , do not stay here you will regret it ! ! springs were popping up and when we went to the guest services to have them do something about it , they said oh for sure , and it was not until our last night there that we complained to the manager that they sent out a new bed which was not much better , although better than the one before . the service fluctuated from being good to ignore mode .
very frustrating .
i think the problem was short staffed on occasions .
maybe some of the staff was getting sick ?
the grounds were very nice , i must say it was a nice place except for an area that smelled like it was a septic area filled with jungle .
the pools were average , could use some cleaning and tubs might as well be called cool tubs , not that normally you would want that , be were sick so that would have helped our aching bodies . the beach however was beautiful , but there are many resorts on that beach . last year we stayed at the melia caribe , that was a great experience .
we were expecting something similar but we were sorely disappointed and we will never recommend or stay at this place again .
bed bugs bite this was a wonderful holiday for the children , but mom and dad suffered externally and internaly .
obviously the cotts brought in for the kids did not have an infestation , but our bed , room 778 left welts on our shoulders and my husbands neck .
this was a platinum room but was not anything special .
the realization of the bed bugs upon our return and a review of the welts , left us sick to our stomachs . the food was great for the kids , but as adult travellers we were disapointed by the a la carte resturants .
it basically was cafetria food , served on a plate , no different , no better than what you got at the buffet .
the only exception was at the licey where you had to pay $30 us per person extra .
the most infuriating issue was the lack of enforcement of towel policy .
people would put their towels to secure cabana 's/beech spots the night before .
it was impossible to ever get a sun protection if you were honest or followed the rules .
service a big problem my family and i have travelled throughout the caribbean , but this was our first trip to dr .
we chose this resort because it was a special deal from air canada vacations .
i had read the reviews of this hotel , but we decided that it was worth going ( despite the reviews ) because it was so inexpensive . luckily we had the platinum package .
this was absolutely worth it because we had a private lounge , free dinner to the licey restaurant , and we were very close to the beach .
also , the ac rep ( catherine ) was often in this lounge , and she was extremely helpful if you needed anything . we had two rooms .
both rooms were quite big and clean , but they could use some sprucing up .
the paint was yellow in spots , and the bathtub could use a refinishing ( the enamel was chipped in spots ) .
one room smelled nice , and the a/c worked well and silently .
the other room 's a/c was exyremely noisy ( ear plugs were needed to sleep at night ) , and the room always smelled musty .
in both rooms the water pressure was better if you used lukewarm water , but quite low or non - existant on certain days if you went to warm ( hot is not an option ! )
the food was good .
we only went to the buffet one night .
the a la carte restaurants varied in quality  taste , but overall were good .
the licey is excellent , as is el pescador .
breakfast was good , and lunch was hit or miss .
the biggest problem when it comes to the restaurants , whether sit - down or buffet , is the service .
it is quite bad .
at breakfast , we would have to ask the wait staff several times to bring us coffee .
they would either ignore us or roll their eyes .
only after asking repeatedly would we get a cup .
forget about refills !
it was slightly better at the main buffet , but the beach area buffet was terrible .
in fact the worst service was always at the beach area restaurants .
at the grill , people would be waiting for many minutes to place an order while the cook ignored the fact that people were standing there waiting to order a hamburger or hot dog .
you would only get served if you just ordered want you wanted in a loud voice .
then he would pretend he had not seen you ( or the other people standing at the counter ) .
you need to be very careful with the hamburgers ! !
the person working the grill takes frozen patties from the freezer , and cooks them on a very hot grill .
this results in the hamburger being burnt on the inside but raw inside .
not healthy to eat ! the beach is gorgeous , but absolutely no service .
no one comes around asking if you would like a drink ( a mainstay in most resorts ) .
if you would like a drink , you have to get up and order one .
the bartenders at the beach area are not very polite , and if they think you do not speak spanish they will insult you or call you names !
unbelievable behaviour ! there are not enough beach umbrellas .
unless you get to the beach before 7am , you will not get one .
although the beach is beautiful , i do not like feeling frustrated on holiday .
the service really needs to be improved .
if i had paid full price for this hotel , i would have asked to be transfered to another hotel .
there are no excuses for wait staff to ignore a client .
the idea of wait staff rolling their eyes or insulting you is inexcusable .
good to bad to horrible . . never again ok soo my boyfriend , 22, and i , 20, just got back from a weeks stay at bavaro princess .
prior to going i have been reading all the good and bad reviews and i felt like i kinda new what to expect .
so getting to puj airport was kind of a breeze .
we didnt have to wait very long , we just stood in line paid the 10$ went to find our luggage and found our tour bus which was vip tours the guys in the yellow shirts .
when we were dropped off at our hotel a man told us to go check in and he would meet us later at our room but we couldnt take our luggage .
so i was a little uspet that i was leaving all my belongings in the hands of this guy .
so we took a tram to our room , 277, and went in and liked what we saw .
the room felt pretty cool and seemed to be decently cleaned .
our luggage took about 20 min to get to us , we unpacked , and went to the lobby to get some food from the buffet .
the food was not so bad to me the first day .
then we got some drinks at the lobby bar and sat outside where the fountain was , sipping our mai tais and feeling the cool breeze .
first day was great .
second and third day werent bad either we went to the beach where they play music and got everyone up and dancing , then the pool where we enjoyed the pool bar ( it does take a while to get a drink ) , we drank alot of drinks ( my favorite was the icee and blue coraco called a blue jay ) , and ate at the buffet and mc princess where the have burgers , hotdogs , and french fries .
the fries were good but the burgers were blah .
the buffet started to get worst for us though .
it became harder to find foods that i thought were good to eat and safe to eat .
the pizza is not good , burgers no , the fruit is gross , meat is sketchy .
some good food was the fried chix and the potatoes and rice .
the second night they had dancing in the lobby with their house band and third night they had the beach party . it was fun but after that there wasnt much to do .
we went to the casino 4 times during our stay and spent alot of money there playing the slots and tables but we also won some which was fun and the drinks are better at the casino and only cost a dollar or two .
the food - every morning they have the same buffet , omlet station which was good , potatoes , beans , bacon ( good ) , crossoints and rolls , and more eggs .
it was hard for me because i dont like eggs so i ate potatoes and bacon every morning .
the a la carte restaraunt were good .
el gaucho - ok - we got the argentinean steak bella pasta - good - we got the chix parm with pasta but the tiramasu was inedible . chopin - our favorite - had a buffet but it was alot to choose from and very good along with the boat ride that has a piano and a singer riding around the lagoon that the restaurant is in .
sakura - hated do not go there .
i got the sweet and sour pork and my bofriend got the pork ribs - we were sick for the night and next day .
ironically since we were sick the next day we didnt make reservations for anywhere else and went to the buffet which was oriental themed night haha on us .
we never made it to el pescador or licey becuase if you didnt get there by 8- 830am everything was full .
dominican night was fun .
they had music and vendors come out to sell like in a flea market and they had dominican style buffet .
the beach - was beautiful with topless woman ( my boyfriend enjoyed ) we found a quieter bad down the way with more available huts and it was easier to get a drink the excursion - haha we took the speedboat excursion which you get to drive your own speedboat and go snorkeling .
it was a mess . at
first they didnt have enough life jackets , then no one spoke english so they couldnt tell us how to operate it .
i drove accidently and nearly cried .
we broke down and had to be left behind while they dumped water out of our boat then told us to follow them .
they sped away and all i could see was their orange jackets .
we used snorkeling equpiment that was still wet from the time used before so i dont think they cleaned it .
snorkeling was fun but after 10 min we saw the same thing .
driving back we got another bad boat and had to be moved to another boat .
my boyfriend had fun driving it .
i almost cried and was very upset at how unorganized it all was .
but were not in the us anymore so i guess i shouldnt complain .
i would never do it again thoso any way after the thrid day i woke up with a huge rash going across my upper back and down my arms , inbetween my legs and my ankles .
i am someone who has very sensatvie skin so i just thought i had an allergic reaction to something and decided it was nothing else .
until my boyfriend got the same rash on his legs a night or two later .
then we realized how itchy we were everytime we layed in bed .
we also saw a smear of what looked like was blood on my pillowcase .
after we experienced this for a few days we realized what we were dealing with .
bed bugs ! and it was until the last night that we realized so we didnt sleep in the bed we slept on the couch and a lil chair covering up with bath towels .
it was horrible and right now im still dealing with the irritation and now there are spots on my body that i will be seeking medical attention for because i dont know what they are .
on our way home we talked to a man from another resort who had the same problem .
i am so disgusted by this and i wish there was something i could do but i cant .
now im just hoping that these spots arnt anything serious .
i will never go back to dominican republic .
if anything just take a cruise there , see it for the day and get back on the beautiful boat and leave it .
the airport leaving was a mess to - we got in a line that took a half hour to get to the front , had our bags checked and then were told to get in this other huge line that took an hour and half just to get our tickets and boarding pass .
then we had to go through immigrations and find our gate .
well i would call this the pit area because there was no order .
our ticket said gate 4 but we found out it was really gate 2. agind in charlotte the tickets they gave us said gate 14 when it was 11.
it is so hot in the airport and we smelled so bad .
lol i will not be going back 
no to bavaro princess the gorunds are way to large .
you must take a tram car to get around .
sometimes , depending on the time , we had to wait 30 minutes to get a tram because the ones that came by were full .
the air conditioning is a major problem with no relief in sight .
we had no air for 2 days and this is with many calls to have it fixed .
two men finally came to our room at 7:00pm to look at it .
we went to dinner and returned at 11:00pm to find half of the drop ceiling taken down , a ladder in the ceiling where the unit was located , tools all over the floor , a hose from the unit to the toilet in the bathroom , long pieces of metal hanging from the ceiling and no one there to tell me whats going on .
a call to the front desk informed me that that there was a report that someone was there .
no kidding !
are they coming back tonight or what ? .
after asking for either a supervisor , the repair men to come back , or move me to another room , the only wat to get some type of respose was a threat to take pictures and post them on every travel website i could find !
finally the repair men came back and replaced the compressor and left at 12:40am .
if this was so involved , this work should have been done during the day , not at midnight .
service at this resort is almost non existing .
the shower curtain rod came out of the wall and that took 2 days to get re - hung .
i had to make a chain with the plastic clips that hold the shower curtain to the rod , with the shower curtain and clip the two ends of the chain to the towel racks .
i felt like i was camping .
the last night we were there , my daughter found hundreds of little ants in her bed .
we had to put the bed outside on the balcony .
it seems like the more you asked for services the slower the response was .
some of the staff were great ( ceasar at the pool and ruben at the swim up bar in the pool ) , others had the attitude like - too bad , what are you going to do , leave .
believe me , i could not wait to leave .
i will never go back to this resort even if it were for free and i think i speak for many of thr other guests that i had spoken to .
you get what you pay for just got back last night .
i did read all reviews before i went to bp and i had very low expectations .
we were pleasantly surprised in some instances , though .
i cannot stress enough how absolutely beautiful punta cana is .
the beaches are the nicest i 've seen and i travel extensively and have been specifically to maui 3 times .
every tropical picture you 've ever imagined you will find here .
at b . p . , it 's the same way . i will preface the rest by saying this : in any disappointment we had on our trip regarding the resort ( all but one instance ) it was very obvious to me the staff was trying very hard to make us happy .
however , please do not underestimate : the language barrier is a significant problem .
i speak some spanish and had a difficult time understanding them and vice versa .
this was specifically a problem on our last day when the adjoining room was being worked in and workers were spraying an acrylic lacquer into the tub .
the strength of the odor is the equivalent of sniffing a wash rag soaked in ammonia .
it was horrific .
i tried to communicate with the front desk about the absurdity of this working being done and not be expected to effect other travelers and it was completely lost on them .
i became high on the fumes and extremely sick .
their offer was well , we can change your room ? ? .
my point is this : it was totally lost on them that we had to be in that room while we packed all of our belongings while our throats were burning and we could not breathe .
we were also literally going to be in our new room for 10 hours before departing .
it was totally ridiculous .
when i went to guest services , our liason if there is a problem , i told her the whole story and she asked me if i needed housekeeping aaarrrrggghhhhh ! ! ! !
you would not believe how long it took me to get the name of the manager of the hotel .
i plan on contacting this person regarding the above . food is below average , period .
stick with the buffet , you 'll have far better luck finding something you can acutally eat .
the service in the reservation only restaurants is ridiculous .
servers speak extremely broken english and half the time our food was not even what we ordered . rooms are outdated and musty .
do not upgrade to platinum to get a spot near the beach , they 'll just give you a place near the beach if you ask .
our last room that we stayed in one night was awesome . . . room 025.
it appeared to be slightly newer than building than previous room (355) and was quiet and did not stink .
when we arrived in our first room , the phone did not work and neither did the a/c .
i had to get on the tram and ride 10 minutes back to the lobby for them to tell me they 'd send someone to fix phone and spray something in our room . this resort is in a beautiful location , but the best thing i can say about it other than that is that it 's really cheap .
you do get what you pay for here ( except for the view which is work a million bucks , easily ) .good luck ! !
stay away from bavaro princess i would not go back to punta cana or the bavaro princess .
i traveled with 2 other couples and we all felt the same .
first off as soon as you get off the plane they charge you $10/person as a visitor fee at the airport .
we went platinum and it was definetly not worth the extra money .
check in was supposed to be easy however there wasnt anyone there to direct us where to check in so we waited in line for the general checkin only to be told we where at the wrong place and had to chatch the golf cart to take us to the platinum lounge for checkin .
the so called lounge had a table with some bottles of top - shelf liquor and 2 types of american beer , no music and no atmosphere .
room was average with no bugs but could have used a paint job .
they had 3 types of liquor which was not top shelf , more like bottom shelf local liquor .
no ice machines to make drinks even if you wanted .
the beer in the room was average .
the pool was decent however dont expect to have cocktail waitresses coming around taking your order and it is difficult to get a drink at the bar since the had only 1 bartender at a time .
they ran out of top shelf liquor at the pool bar and at the beach bar .
they also ran out of ice for an entire day , yes , that 's right they didnt have ice .
to get to any restaurants or to the casino it was an ordeal as everything is spread out .
the grounds were well kept though .
the food was below average and severeal people got sick from our group even though we didnt drink the water .
most employees spoke little to no english so trying to find out what was going on was next to impossible .
the shows that they had were a complete joke and not worth going to .
there was nothing to do after dinner , no where to go and relax and listen to decent music .
the music there was not good either .
forgot to mention that the service in the restaurants was horrible , took 1 hour to get served at the seafood restaurant and the food was not worth the wait .
the so - called best rest . licey
wasnt all its cracked up to be . the only thing positive i liked was relaxing by the ocean .
very unhappy not much to say but pay a little extra and stay at the coloinal magestic . . . i was down there april 2007 and was so disappointed the help was useless all the way down to the tnt reps .
rooms where nice , food ok , drinks watered down and took about 20 mins to get them . . . the hotel grounds very nice but the place is too big for the ppl to handle , forget the restarants just do the buffet . .i have been too many islands , and this one is the worst . . . every morning i got up and saved chairs at 6 am went back at 7 and ppl would touch your stuff and move it , very rude ppl there i had to call the police over and i wasnt the only one and of course noone speaks english . . . . . .over all we were there for a wedding and made the best of it . .and i did come home with a nice tan .
but just remember u get what u pay for . .cheap isnt better , u want a good time go to aruba or bahamas . . . enjoy 
some great stuff , some horrible ! ! !
this was a beautiful setting for our daughters wedding .
however , there were just too many negatives to bring our family and friends back to this resort any time soon .
we went as a group of 37, and the trip started out on a very sour note .
most of our group ( and many many others ) were given room keys that did not open the doors to our rooms .
keep in mind it is a fairly long walk between most rooms and the lobby .
when the keys did not work , we walked back to the lobby , waited in line , and then were told to come back in 10 minutes , when the problem would be fixed . this is where we first learned of a term some people might refer to as dominican time , where come back in 10 minutes can often mean , we do not really know what time you should come back .
i suppose an hour or so later we were given re - programmed keys .
off we went back to our rooms , where we discovered that our newly programmed keys still did not work .
this occurred 3 or 4 times to most of our group .
basically our first day from 3 pm until bed time was spent walking back and forth , trying re - programmed keys , and waiting to get into our rooms so that we could access our belongings and use facilities .
we should have been spending this time enjoying the start to our vacation . most of our group got into their rooms by getting staff on the grounds ( maids , security etc , ) to use their master keys to let them in .
when i look back on it , just about anyone could have gotten into any room they wanted .
staff on the grounds had no idea whether or not they were allowing people into the correct room .
luckily for all involved , most people are generally honest .
can you imagine if there was just 1 thief among all those people .
jackpot ! ! !
i can get into any room i want .
i just have to flag down security personnel .
they 'll let me in .
just a little ironic . some of our group finally gave up trying to get a key the first night .
once in their room and after the 3rd or 4th attempt , they just stayed there to avoid the grief .
how very sad . i spoke to hotel management about the problem the next day , and mentioned how i thought that this was totally un - acceptable .
some people still had no working keys .
the hotel had all of our money ( charter vacation ) and we had no recourse .
1 day and evening out of a seven day vacation is a lot of time to spend trying to solve an significant issue , and some were still waiting .
i mentioned that to him , and suggested that as an act of good - will , the hotel should try to do more for us than just say i 'm sorry sir .
i suggested that maybe a dinner at the $25 per person restaurant on the house might be appropriate for our group , given the cost of the lost first day .
( average room costs about $150us pp ? )
he offerred me a massage in the spa .
just me !
a lot of good that would do for a group of 37. i declined , and realized they were not interested in really trying to make it right . my daughter and soon to be son - in - law had a problem with their room .
on the day after our arrival , staff allowed them to move to a different room .
because they were the couple to be married , they were told do not worry , we 'll move all your belongings .
go enjoy the facilities .
your new room will be ready in an hour .
when they arrived in their new room , they could not find their return plane tickets .
they had left them on the table in their old room ( they had shown more trust in the staff than i would have ) .
time to panic .
back to the lobby and a wait in line .
they were brought back to their old room and along with staff , searched and found nothing .
my future son - in - law suggested they speak with the maids , since someone had obviously re - made the room .
lo - and - behold , they found the maid , went through the garbage on her rolling cart , and found their tickets .
wow ! again we get i 'm sorry sir !
we saw this as another 2 or 3 hours of time wasted running around .
the extra stress of lost plane tickets added to the lost time issue .
by now you get the general drift .
we were not happy whatsoever with how the hotel staff managed our problems .
they sorely lacked in customer relations . to be fair , i 'll move on to a few of the more positives things . beach and pool areas were more than acceptable for this rating . food was mixed .
about what you 'd expect .
nothing spectacular , but for the most part , at least good . service was terrible in the sea - food a - la - carte , and fantastic in the asian .
you would honestly think that you were in 2 vastly different resorts , there was that much of a difference in service . we enjoyed lunch on the beach .
it saved us a long walk back to the lobby and the buffet .
the food at the beach bbq was pretty darn tasty .
the wedding was , as previously mentioned , in a beautiful setting .
really the highlight of the trip .
( i may be biased on this one however , being the father of the bride . )
the wedding pictures and dvd ( extra cost ) were stunning .
kudos to the staff of the photo shop . a destination wedding is something everyone should at least consider .
i 've heard many stories of how a lot of people have a hard time handling some of the stresses involved in planning a more traditional wedding .
this was our first child getting married , and really , except for a few anxious moments related to the wedding , it was all so serene , peaceful and quite beautiful . even with the beautiful wedding , i will be contacting both the resort and my travel agent to express my disappointment with how our issues were handled .
not bad first the bad stuff : our shower had unacceptably bad water pressure . like , barely dripping out .
although for the rest of my review , i will generally give this place a good review , i cannot recommend a place that does not have its plumbing in order .
it is an inexpensive place , but they are ranked a five star resort , so they should not have any showers like this .
therefore i must say , unless you get some sort of guarantee regarding water pressure in your room , do not book a stay here . my comments may not sound like i 'm giving the place a glowing review . but we had a great time here .
keep in mind , despite the so - so nature of some of my comments , this place was cheap .
us$1500 pp for all - inclusive including airfare !
you just ca not complain with prices that low ( except about water pressure ) .
we did not mind paying an additional $200 ( for a $1700 total ) for the premium club package . we had the premium ( platinum ) option .
this allowed us use of a pleasant clubhouse .
too many kids were allowed to use the computers - -this should stop .
it was very handy to have our own private bar in the clubhouse - -no lines !
also , i believe the platinum club rooms are closest to the beach .
we had a dream - worthy view of the ocean from our terrace .
a few other perks , but the closeness to the beach , the clubhouse , and also private check - in were what made the platinum package worth it . the grounds were nice and well maintained .
the beach , being on the bavaro section of p . c . , was of course phenomenal .
our room was nice and clean .
the lobby was a great place to hang out .
i would have hung out there more , but we were in the complete opposite end of the resort . the staff was , for the most part , ok .
not super - friendly , but not rude certainly .
there were of course many exceptions - -several bartenders and other staff people were truly friendly .
but , overall , i was not wowed by friendliness .
to be clear : no one was unfriendly , just not exactly exuberant .
food was edible , and that is about all i can say about it .
very odd : in the buffets , the food was almost never hot .
they do not know how touse sterno or something .
alcohol was watered down .
wine was very thin .
the ala carte restaurants were just slightly better .
service was third world , to put it kindly ( again , there were some very friendly exceptions ) .
the premium restaurant ( licey , i think ) , where you are allowed to eat one night , was many many steps above the rest of the resort .
also , the dominican restaurant in the caribe club princess ( just up the beach ) , which you can also go to , was much better than the international restaurants at the bavaro princess .
for breakfast and lunch , the buffet at the restaurant adjacent to thelobby was a little better than the one close to the beach . the pool was quite large and nicely designed , although certainly not a place for meditation ( lots of loud aerobics and other stuff going on there ) .
it was nice to go from the beach to the pool , or vice versa .
good and bad experience a beautifull resort , but found that if you were not platimum members , you did not mean much to the resort .
at no fault of the resort we experienced a few problems with sunquest . ,
we travelled with 28 other people for my son 's wedding , what we were told by sunquest and our tour operator was very different from what we received .
a few of us were to have ocean front rooms , that did not happen , always problems with the water pressure and hot water , one of our party 's room was located next to the sewer plant and the smell was so awful they had to leave their room early every morning and not return until sleep time the smell was making them sick , they could not even sit on their balcony .
it rained on the wedding day and the wedding co - ordinator left the wedding party behind to fend for themselves and stand in the gazebo in the rain for over an hour before the tram came to pick them up , they were soaken wet in their wedding attire .
this was unacceptable , she was to come to the reception to apologise bet never seen her again .
you got okay service if you tipped well , an all inclusive is suppose to include gratities , but every time you turned around they were asking for tips .
you should tip because you want to not because you feel you have too .
sunquest operator was a hit and miss all week , found that they did not really care .
our bus was late by an hour to take up to the airport and when it arrived it was very small , our luggage was put on the roof and it was raining , so everything got wet .
the driver was very rectless and we almost got into a number of accidents along the way , did not know if we would actually arrive at the airport or not .
definitely would not travel with sunquest again or go back to this resort .
the unfortunate fire did take out a few restaurants and i think this resort made do very well with what they had , but it definetly impacted your choices for dining .
have to see it to believe it ! ! ! ? ? ! we are a fun 35 year old european couple , seasoned travellers , no kids , and chose a cruise in the caribbean and a week at bavaro princess for our honeymoom .
the cruise was lovely and we shall do another one soon , but the hotel was not up to standard .
this hotel is not adequate for a honeymoon .
please beware . we have visited punta cana 4 times , and this was by far the worst travel experience ever .
although lovely , the gardens ( and nature all around ) do not make up for the bad service .
when on holiday , i never complain and we take things easy - but for the first time in my life i had to make two formal complaints in just 5 days ! !
and we were not the only ones complaining - imagine that they actually ran out of complaint sheets ! !major problem 1: we booked a honeymoon suite by the beach and they gave us a terrible run - down room next to the building site next door .
after a big struggle , we were moved 2 days later to a more decent environment , yet the new room had a 20cm lizard that someone had squashed on the wall , next to the bed !
room maintenance was very poor - the ceiling needed painting , the bathroom was very rundown , furniture was very scuffed , i had to bribe the maid with 10 dollars in order to get her to wash the floors properly .
our toilet broke down twice and the mini kitchen sink was blocked .
it was simply not 5 star quality .
problem 2: on my husband 's birthday , we dinned at restaurante chopin and halfway through the meal , the wine still hadn?t been served , so my husband asked again .
the waiter didn?t like to be reminded , so he whispered something in another waiter 's ear .
this second guy winked and smiled at our waiter , and instantly i felt that he was up to mischief , so i watched him carefully .
he fetched our wine bottle and i saw him remove 2 dirty glasses from the table where there was a pile of dirty plates and glasses .
he then proceeded to wipe them clean with a napkin that he removed from the basket that is used to place the dirty linen from the restaurants .
we were shocked and demanded the presence of the director .
at first they tried to intimidate us , then to tell us there was no - one available .
in the end , after a 40 min waite , the director miraculously was available .
it was amazing how the matre 'd changed his attitude once the director arrived ! !
the director was very gracious and even offered us treats , which we obviously refused because all we wanted was a verbal apology as well as to prevent this sort of behavior towards other clients . problem 3: i went for a facial at the spa .
i have one twice a month back home ( generaly lasts for one and half hours and costs 45 ? ? so i knew what to expect .
instead , i was amazed at the poor quality that the hotel spa had to offer .
i paid 90 dollars for a 30 min facial ( that was supposed to last 45 min ) , that did not include exfoliation because they had run out of it and did not include high frequency treatment because the machine was broken .
yet i had paid and for it .
the beautician did not wear gloves or face mask , and had a terrible cold and coughed alot .
so i guess that now i know why payment for these services is made upfront !
i was simply too tired and dissapointed with the hotel to even bother to complain about this poor ripoff service .
i paid , left and swore never to go back .
the same day , my husband had a massage and he too complained about the lack of technique and the high price . problem 4: every time we ate at the buffet , we felt sick by what we saw : some guests have no manners and instead of using the buffet utensils , they simply grab hand - fulls of food such as bacon , olives , lettuce , cakes , carrots , bread , etc . worst of all , was a man who grabbed the last 4 pastries on a plate , squeezed them all , opened his hand and then left them on the plate . . . luckily a waiter saw this and removed the diry pastries .
in all my life , i have never been in a hotel with such ill - mannered english speaking people around me .
it was alien !
look , the beach is lovely , the gardens are great , and the surroundings are nice and clean , and if you like : * a lot of noise ; * loads of people around you ; * americans swearing loudly from time to time ; and if you do not mind doing alot of walking , this place is great .
but if , like us , you like good service with a personalized touch , avoid this place .
it has too many noisy guests , too much confusion and you spend hours in cues - cues for the transport , cues for breakfast , cues at the bar , etc .
for the first time ever , we came back home more tired and stressed than when we left for our honeymoon .
who knows , maby it 's nice if you go during a low season . . .
we shall definitely never go back !
how beautiful what a beautiful place to go to .
the beach was spectacular , the best i have ever seen .
i was not aware that there would be topless ladies and was a little surprised .
the grounds were beautiful and miticliously manicured ; .
the fire did not allow us to enjoy the beach front resturants but they did try to accomidate us by setting up a beach side outdoor cafe and sharing a spot in the other resturants for the other ones that were burnt down .
this is the largest resort we have been on and missed be able to just walk were we wanted .
i did not mind it as much as my husband did .
the buffet was nice and could always find something that i would like to eat .
the steak house we enjoyed but the seafood resturant we were disappointed in .
our room was very nice and very clean . ,
our maid service was really good .
we had trouble with our tv when we got there and they came right away and fixed it .
another thing we did not know is that travelers checks are hard to cash there .
you would be better to bring a wodd of dollar bills and you will be fine .
apple vacations did take travelers checks for the excurisions that we booked .
we have snorkled every where we 've been and the best was on the 2 person speed boats that take you out to snorkel .
they gave us a ball of oatmeal that held together in the water and you could pick off pieces and the fish would come and eat out of our hands , it was awesome .
i would go back again but i would bring snack foods with me .
re - book now four restaurants burned down the week of 3/19 - and we were not informed until we got there .
as a result , we were given the option to eat at two other facilities ( punta cana princess and caribe club princess ) via a golf cart shuttle .
it was inconvenient , to say the least .
however , you did have extra options of restaurants that otherwise would not have been available . the building that housed the four restaurants that burned down is between the pool and the beach .
as a result , pool - goers suffered from incessant hammer - banging all day long , as well as flying bits of ash to mix in with suntan lotion .
beach - goers were only burdened by the hammering .
also , the number of restrooms located at the building were reduced by half . the food was mediocre .
side dishes at restaurants were routinely cold ( vegetables , potatoes ) .
buffet food was generally the wrong temperature : eggs , pancakes , and potatoes were cold , while cheeses and sauces were hot and melted .
stick with salads , fruits and meats , as well as freshly made - to - order options like omelets and pasta . service was better .
wait staff and bartenders were friendly .
good luck getting a cocktail - - you go to them , they do not go to you , unfortunately .
oh , speaking of cocktails , do not go here expecting top shelf .
the premium drinks that cost extra were absolut , smirnoff and budweiser .
the included drinks were all d . r . national brands .
stick with fruity , frozen drinks or the one draft beer offered .
and do not order a mojito - - it has no mint leaves ; just mint liquor .
caipirina was a nice option ( white rum , lime juice and sugar ) .hotel was clean , trains run regularly throughout , gardens were gorgeous .
overall , a nice setting and beautiful beach .
disappointed . . . . punta cana was beautiful . . .
the bavaro princess , on the other hand was more like a 3 star hotel , and not a 5 like i was promised from my travel agent .
this is a huge property , like 96 acres , my villa was close to the beach , so to get to the main lobby i had to wait for a tram . . . i was going to the main lobby like everyday because i was having issues with my room , or this or that . .
so many problems arised on my vacation . .equaled alot of wasted time ! ! ! ! the gorunds were beautiful , and the beach was beautiful . . the hotel itself , not a 5 star . .mold in the rooms , bug problems , worm problems , i had to be moved out of my room , when i finally got it because it wasnt ready til 3pm , to another room , that still wasnt so nice !
slow service , (we waited almost 3 hours in the sakura restaurant , and still had to go to the buffet after to get something filling ! )  the food was horrible . . . i stuck with rice and chicken , and pizza . . . the drinks were so watered down . . . the staff was very friendly , but most didnt speak english . . alot of europeans at this hotel , most were very friendly , i found the french canadians to be very ignorant and rude . .they need a lesson in etiquette ! this was an all inclusive . . but when u get there they ask u to upgrade to a platnum club . . which includes free room service , access to 2 upscale restaurants , and a bar . . didnt have this sort of thing on other all inclusives . . so i was kinda pissed about this . . .
i didnt do this upgrade . . . you do have to make reservations to eat , except for at the main buffet . also
mad about this ! i 'm on vacation . . i dont want to be timed !
i stay on the beach til 5 or 6. . dont want to rush around . . needless to say the day i got there they had like 10:30pm . .haha ! ! ! i laughed ur kidding rite ! who eats that late so dinner reservations were booked until like my 3 rd day there !
anyway , i 'm really not a complainer , but these were little things that so could be improved !
maybe i am just spoiled ! i booked through apple vacations , so needless to say , if i had a problem the only people that helped me were the apple reps . .
i would not recommend this hotel to other people , and i am writing a long letter to apple vacations ! ! !
okay resort we stayed from march 3 - 12th - we had a wonderful time and we were platinum which i do recommend as it makes check in and out very simple and gives you the feel of a special guest .
it was worth it to get a beer in a bottle as well .
to juan and martires at the plat club , fabulous job , you made the trip that much more special .
as to the hotel itself , it does need an upgrade , its in some poor health in the rooms but its liveable .
we did not have hot water until the last 3 days of our stay , but bear in mind , its 3rd world systems and the fact the entire resort showers at that time of day , so its ok .
the worst part of the stay , we had to set an alarm to get up to go get a shade umbrella and chairs .
there is not enough shade .
never thought i would ever stoop to this , but it became the if you ca not beat them , join them .
you will be amazed how many are out doing the same thing each morning .
more shade is needed for this resort .
the food is okay , nothing marvelous to write about there .
i would rate this place about a 4 star .
if you have ever stayed at a riu or a melia hotel , this one seems very low scale .
if you have not stayed at one of those chains , this will be a 5 star to you .
enjoy your trip .
unfortunately , i will not recommend this resort for the food , umbrellas and room quality reasons based on the $$ value .
you can stay at much better for around the same dollars .
the beach and water is stunning there .
keep in mind , its windy in punta cana so the ocean can be rough for a few days with large waves .
we did eat at the chopin and pescador . . . so / so .
not much options and the flavor was ok .
buffet had more options .
others near us did them all and loved most , so its really individual taste and what you want do do in the evgs etc .
we were there for the beach , sun , relaxation and no time schedules and for that a wonderful time was had .
great resort , food terrible we stayed at this resort feb . 23rd - march 2, 2007.
thought the resort was great except for the food .
the resort is spread out and the rooms were very quiet .
we were located right where the trams went by and never heard a word .
nicest beach we 've ever been to .
you could take long walks and never have to worry about stepping on anything bigger than a grain of suger ( in the water and out ) .
no bugs .
entertainment was good .
could use some updates in the room , no washcloths , and some switches that did not work , but overall very satisfied .
the food was some of the worst food i 've ever tried to eat .
raw lobster in seafood restaurant , orange ( chef - boyrdee sauce ) on speghetti , in italian restaurant .
did not even have parmesean cheese .
the service in specialty restaurants was also terrible , sometimes only one waiter .
we did not run into one person that did not complain about food .
beach and drinks were perfect .
grounds were perfect and well maintained .
i would go back to punta cana in a minute but would opt for a different resort solely on the quality of food .
from pittsburgh . . . . wo not go back !
this is my 3rd time to punta cana , love the area but did not care for bavaro .
we were there from feb . 19-24th .
the beaches are beautiful at all resorts we have stayed at but with this trip we had terrible weather ( which is not the fault of bavaro ) .
it rained 2 days all day and was cloudy for 3 and windy .
we had 1 1/2 days of beautiful sun !
we stayed in building 8 and could smell septic everyday , it was terrible .
the rooms were very spaceous but are in need of updates .
there was a 1/2 inch gap in our door to the balcony , air conditioner made noises all day/night long , not good water pressure , had to beg for washclothes ( take your own ) .
the food was not so great and the service at the two reservation restaurants was terrible .
the bella pasta staff was very friendly but did not come back during our meal to see if we need anything or if we needed anything else to drink .
the chopin was absolutely terrible , we do most of our drinking at the beach and by dinner time we are ready for water only but when we told our waitress that we wanted water only , she said no . . must have drinky drinky , when we said no she waved her arm , made an ugly face and sounds , turned and left and did not come back to clear plates , see if everything was ok and no refills of water .
very poor service .
our last day we were leaving at 9 pm , we had a checkout of noon , we had everything packed and ready to go but thought we would go to the beach until 11 then go back and get checked out and get my husbands bud light that we bought in town ( he does not like presidente ) , when we got to our room , our housekeeper was there , she had called and had our bags taken out and took our beer and would not give it back .
she just laughed at him when he confronted her .
we had taken gifts plus tipped everyday we were there .
after arguing with the main manager he finally reimburrsed my husband for what he had paid .
we had two of the best bartenders at this resort - thanks to montegro and plinno .
we have styed at iberostar and at the grand bahia principe and had wonderful experiences at both of them .
we have not found a place yet that we totally enjoy the food but when i go back i will only stay at the grand bahia principe .
it is a two year old resort and was absolutely beautiful .
i will never return to bavaro princess .
the beaches are beautiful at most of the resorts .
we did not have a totally bad experience but with what was bad it has turned us off from returning there .
it was nice to be able to walk to there town to shop , lots of nice shops to go to plus the casino is just out the gate of the resort .
the platinum experience our group of 22 persons stayed at this resort feb 10-17.
4 members of the group became very ill and lost 24-48 hours of their expensive vacation ( plus the medical bill at the doctor ) .
do not drink the water is not just a suggestion , and they should include do not eat the food washed with the water .
some couples in our group upgraded to platinum for valentine week .
the best part of the upgrade was checking in and out .
with ease  being close to the beach .
getting the imported liquor option that was part of the upgrade was like pulling teeth as they were always trying to smuggle dominican vodka into our glasses ( quite a taste difference ) .
the suites , however gorgeous had bathrooms in need of updating .
we had leaky toilets , and bidets and showers without water pressure .
mornings relaxing on the beautiful beach required ear plugs as the excersize leaders blared musica and screamed into microphones .
the swim up bar was quite nice for the adults until the kids camp invaded the adult pool space with splashing each afternoon about 4 pm .
on the positive side , for those of us able to eat , the food was very tastey and well presented in the many specialty restaurants .
the warm water lobster was plentiful in the seafood restaurant and there was no limit on how many times you could dine in each restaurant .
the grounds were beautiful and lush with jungle and native birds and flowers .
the evening entertainment was above average , and some of us actually won in the casino .
for those who liked to walk a lot , there was plenty of opportunity , and for those who did not , the trolleys were frequent to get around the huge complex .
there were plenty of opportunities for massage on the beach or in the wonderful professional spa .
for those of us from chicago , the best part about this trip was definately the weather in punta cana , but we all felt that we deserved a biigger bang for our buck .
okay well my husband and i stayed at this hotel for two weeks from jan .17-31st .
it is claimed to be a five star but we truly feel that it 's more like a 3.
i also read the reviews before we went and but my husband and i are optimistic people and we take everything with a grain of salt .
we thought that no matter what it 's like we 're going to make the best of it , and we did , however ; i do have to say that the beach is beautiful and the sand is so powdery soft , we loved that aspect .
the beach is huge , and like others have said save a chair if you want shade and a good spot , well by the time you save a chair you are far away from everything .
you miss out on the entertaintment , your far away from the drinks and food .
not that big of a problem to us but others it might find it annoying . i seriously thought how can you go wrong with a 5 star . . . .the room makes a huge difference and i never thought it would have .
the beds , yes , are hard , there are nails in the wall but no pictures . . . weird .
our maid did a horrible job at cleaning the room and when asked her for more towels she did not like that .
a sprite bottle broke on our floor and we moved the coffee table to the side for the maid to clean but she ended up just moving the table back over top of the broken glass .
i could not believe that just happened .
the cockroaches , now do not get me started !
they are everywhere , in the shower , in your bed , walking on the floor , in your clothes , in the suitcases . . . etc . . . .i could not believe that .
by the second week i was annoyed enough killing them did not bother me any more . . . lol .
the fridge was always stocked , but the coffee that was a problem .
we had three days without coffee and dead roached all over our floors .
finally i had enough and had to call the front desk for someone else to come and clean our room .
it 's not like we did not leave tips , we gave everyone tips no matter what .
we also did not get any towel art . . . .and that was my favortie thing in mexico was the creative ways of turning your towels into art .
but o well . the food . . . .to make this short . . . .we got sick for three days each , and we could not eat for thoes three days .
we were so bored of the food it was unreal .
usually people gain weight on vacations but both of us actually lost . . . .yeah .
they did not change the buffet style for the two weeks we were there and really weird food options . . . .so like others say stick to the omelets and pastas . we talked with others on excursions we went on and some of them were staying at baha principe and occidential , other 5 stars and they loved it .
their rooms beautiful , pool was big enough to accommodiate the amount of people at the resort , food always different and they said it way yummy . . . .so i do not understand why the huge difference .
we met people at our resort and they felt the same way we did . there is also a casino and the night bar is outside of the resort , which the locals are allowed in .
we did not go becuase we felt , from what we heard , it was not safe . so , basically i would not come back and yes everybodys tastes are different . . . .but we spent some good coin to come here and felt it was not a good experience .
we will some day come back to punta cana but definately not this hotel .
trust the reviews . . . do not take a chance i just got home last night from the bavaro princess , a group of us went for a wedding .
most of our group have travelled to the caribean many times , so please consider this when reading this review .
this is a beautiful , very large property , immaculately kept .
the trolley system was very efficient .
the beach is also out of this world , you can go for long long walks .
the ocean was somedays very rough , great if you were careful , not safe for little kids .
our rooms were in a less desirable part of the resort , right along the roadway .
while they were conveniently located close to the lobby the rooms were not nearly as nice as others .
the maid service was horrible .
we had our room cleaned for only the first four days and then no one came in !
by our last day we had one towel left ! ! !
the one good thing about our room location was that there was a nice pool right behind our rooms with it 's own bar . . . .was very peaceful and great for kids .
pool could have been cleaner , was very slippery at waters edge .
potentially very dangerous .
the market right outside the property was less than average .
the resort had cheaper trinkets to buy . the worst part of this resort was indeed the food .
this is no joke , if you have not yet booked your trip my humble advice is to go to another island .
about a quarter of our group were very ill .
this seemed to be true for any group of people we met .
on the trolley everyone was talking about who in their group was ill .
i agree with other reviews when they say they do not know why this is because even those who were exceptionally careful got sick .
no one needed to see the doctor but they lost 2-3 days of their trip .
i noticed that food , mostly from the grill/mcprincess was not cooked properly .
burgers were raw as was the chicken .
i do not think the food is kept hot enough .
the buffet at the beach ( the indoor one ) seemed better as some of the food was clearly cooked better .
the drinks were good but we stayed away from the ice .
i always asked for my grilled food to be well done . . . . . no one seemed to understand this . . . or never paid attention . the staff were friendly enough .
the shows were less than average .
same old resort fare .
very amateur in comparison to other shows we have seen in the caribean .
overall , the beauty of this resort is not quite enough to make up for the very poor food quality or the real risk of getting very sick .
the risks are not worth the money .
we met people on the plane on our way home who had similar reviews about other resorts in this area .
everyone we talked to knew someone who became ill in punta cana . . . . . which is why i say go somewhere else .
i would never go back to this resort .
we also heard this morning that malaria is back in this area , only another reason to go elsewhere .
beware - not what it seems my husband and i travelled to punta cana the week of jan 13-20.
we always travel with 2 of our friends . not what we expected .
we were in punta cana about 4 years ago and we thought we were upgrading . .
i would not give this hotel more than 2.5 stars . about 2-3 days into our vacation we all ended up with severe cramps and diarrea ?
not sure if it was the food or possibly the ice ? ? lots of people sick not just us . .
a couple of people were taken by ambulance to the hopital . just beware 
beware , not sure of the problem .
this place is extremely beautiful .
the water , the pools , the beach is terrific .
however the rooms look clean but they are not .
there are cockroaches in the rooms that come out of the drains .
the rooms smell so bad .
the poor cleaning people do not have mops but they use a towel wrapped on a stick and i did not smell disinfect or cleaning supplies at all .
the cleaning people and waiters were very nice .
the food has alot to be desired .
it was mostly warm not hot food .
for some reason 17 out of 18 out of our group became violently sick with vomiting and nauseau .
it last approx two days where you felt like you were dying .
it was bad .
people around us also were saying they were sick also .
two even went in the ambulance , which before the hospital would help them wanted up front eight hundred american dollars .
we still do not know if it was food poisoning or a bacterial infection because of the improper cleaning or what .
what i do know is we wll will never go back there .
the outback safari was terrific and fun however the deep sea fishing was horrific .
a rotten wooden boat with broken seats and no fishing .
i just hope other people fare out better than we did .
great weather , not so great resort me and my husband and 4 year old son just returned yesterday ( jan .23/07)
from a one week stay at the bavaro princess . first of all let me say that the property at this resort is beautiful . a very very large resort for those who enjoy that , most of the time you have to take a tram which came quite frequently .
we were booked into a junior suite which was very outdated , small , noisy and very far from the beach and main pool , we upgraded to a suite 3 days into our trip for ten dollars per person a night , which was well worth it .
talked to alot of people who were extremely dissapointed with the junior suites , my honest advice is to upgrade if possible .
now i will comment on the food , again i too read the comments on this site before leaving and i thought alot of it was an exageration but unfortunately i now have to agree that this resort is not all that 's it 's cracked up to be . as far as the food , please be careful not to be too adventerous as my husband became very ill 3 days into our trip from somethiing he ate .
i talked to quite a few other people with the same problem , in fact one party of 17 all had food poisining !
thankfully my son who is an extremely picky eater was fine . be careful as to where you get your buns , breads etc . . fom because we witnessed a black bird pecking peices out of the breads , i actually informed a few people who were approaching this area to get bread not to eat it . the service fom the wait staff was quite slow as well , definately brush up on your spanish before leaving . to sum up our trip we were dissapointed and unfortunately have to say we would not return , but like every other comment on this site you pretty much have to go and judge for yourself .
we did come back nicely tanned .
great resort . . . if you do not need to eat ! my boyfriend and i booked the platinum package at the bavaro princess during the week of nov 19th/06 thru nov 26th/06.
we did a lot of research and read many reviews ( the majority of which were on this website ) prior to our departure .
the beach was amazing , nice white sand ! !
the ocean water was warm and we spent a lot of time tanning on the beach .
every morning we went and had breakfast at the beachside buffet .
the buffet in the main lobby was available as well , but we loved being by the water . the grounds are amazing !
there are lots of palm trees and the maintenance staff did an amazing job tending to the grounds of this resort daily .
the mini zoo at this huge resort is a nice added feature too .
we were happy to find the rooms for platinum guests were very close to the beach .
the maids cleaned them daily , however sometimes they were later than expected .
in those situations we would just go to the platinum lounge and ask to have somebody clean our room .
the maid did a fantastic job .
we left them money , gum and suckers as a daily tip . the rooms had free liquor dispensers stocked with vodka , rye and rum .
since the platinum lounge was literally right out our door , we took a lot of our booze from them .
they carry budweiser beer and premium liquor which is an added bonus for platinum package guests .
we tipped them at the lounge regularly and any time they served us drinks .
platinum guests have access to 3 other resorts as well .
you can book a variety of a la carte dinners at the bavaro princess and other various resorts through the platinum lounge .
they arrange your transportation at night for the dinners between resorts .
you can also take advantage of the beaches and bars at the 3 affiliated resorts as well !
we frequently walked down to the punta cana princess to lay on the loungers they have .
only platinum club guests were able to use this area which included huge white double mattresses with a white drape to provide some shade from the sun .
we also had a massage that was included in our platinum package??efinitely a nice added bonus ! it was unfortunate that my boyfriend was extremely ill on wednesday night ( half way through our vacation ) .
he was violently ill running a high temperature and throwing up constantly .
i was scared , but the thing that helped him the most was drinking bottled water so he would not dehydrate .
i went over to the platinum lounge to see if anyone had gravol or any other drugs to give him .
i met a great couple from sault ste marie .
they went back to their room and returned with some gravol for my boyfriend .
even though he could not keep that down , it was worth a shot !
the next day he was feeling better but did not want to eat anything besides bread .
later in the day he got his appetite back and celebrated that fact with a few drinks as well .
thursday we took it easy by the pool .
later the same evening we went to a great restaurant called el goucho at the punta cana princess .
this was the only meal we really enjoyed .
friday we did some parasailing , which was amazing ! ! alas , friday night my boyfriend was ill again , throwing up all hours of the night .
my stomach throughout our trip was on and off .
the smell of the buffet located by the water wasn?? very appealing either .
lucky for us the room service was included with the platinum package .
i did not trust the buffet or many of the a la carte restaurants , so we lived off spaghetti and pizza offered in our room service menu for the remainder of our trip .
we made the best of our vacation irregardless , but we could not wait to come home .
to top it all off i ended up with sun poisoning .
we understand that dominican food is different , but this was my 3rd time to the dominican republic and it was the only time i have ever felt this sick .
if eating was not a huge factor in life this resort would be a 5 star !
others that traveled with air canada vacations had similar stories .
at least one person in every group was sick for a day or two . as i said , the grounds were amazing and the beach was beautiful !
if you go to this resort be cautious of what you eat .
we will not be returning !
our travels are going to take us elsewhere !
anniversary vacation ruined ! 1. mylene was best air canada vacation representative we have ever had - very knowledgeable and helpful .2.
grounds and beach beautiful , doctor on call nice , cleaning staff good and nice .3.
food generally dangerous - not being maintained at proper temperatures - this from my wife ilene who is a professional dietitian .
we both had food poisoning , despite being super careful !
this ruined the last 3 days of our stay . (we
hardly drank alcohol and would have enjoyed an occasional glass of wine had the wine been decent - but wine offered was terrible . )4.
room ok , but not deluxe - bathroom horrible - no water pressure for shower , old crusty shower spout , tub did not drain properly - chipped , stained , would not take a bath - had to call 3 times to get draining issue fixed - first 2 fixes did not work - disappointing .5.
service so - so , despite generous tipping for everything we asked for .6.
platinum guest baggage delivered almost 3 hours after quick check in - unacceptable .7.
very few hotel employees understand almost any english at all - could be an issue in case of medical emergency .8.
you are misrepresenting this resort as a 5 star resort - it is not a 5 star at all .
perhaps , a 3 star at best - please check out trip advisor . comilene
be careful !
we brought a large group to this resort and found it to be overbooked as described by the front desk .
our travel agent booked my wife and i a king size bed but we were offered two twin size beds by the representative at the front desk .
i was second in line to check in and had to wait with 25-35 people behind me for 45 minutes until the language challenged person at the front desk took care of the two couples in front of me .
due to the fact that the resort was severely overbooked , we waited in line wherever we went whether it was for the buffet breakfast or drink line or even the information line at the front desk .
the bathrooms leaked in most of the rooms and the floors were flooded when we checked in .
a quick response was delivered to the room in 48 hours to fix the leaky fixtures in the toilet of all places .
imagine just might have been leaking into the room ?
made several complaints to the general manager who took care of most of the issues by the end of our stay and offered a special dinner for us the lat night .
maybe this week was just a tough one to be there .
moral of story ; book a high end resort when traveling to punta cana and avoid this place at all costs until they get some help .
customer service rating was a 3 on a scale of 10. . . . . . . . .massachusetts . . 12/30/06 to 1/6/07 
read this . . . if you want an honest review of the resort . . my friends and i (18, 23, 27) left for the dominican dec 19-26.
we booked through air canada vacations and received the platinium package .
keep in mind , that although i am young (23) i am an experienced traveller who has been to the dominican 5 plus times , even twice a year ! !
i find that those who are new tend to give higher ratings as they have really no comparison .
so if you are uneasy about whether to book with this resort or not than this review is for you . i will only discuss the main points . .the good , the bad , the ugly . . . ok so here we go . . . the resort is beautiful , large and well maintained , but no comparison to the bahia principe ( so if you are deciding between the two , than go with the bahia ) .
here i begin my rant , but keep in mind . . .i am not an anal person , very easy going and very easy to make happy .
our water pressure was tragic . .it was more like a dribble and there was not any hot water . . . my first shower there was freezing . . . we called to get it fixed , they came shortly , it seemed to be fixed , but no cigar amigo !
we called him the next day , same thing , temporarily fixed , but no hot water .
finally we decided to let the water run for about an hour , than voila !
the water pressure began to get stronger and the water warmer .
we decided since it was half way through our vacation that we did not want to switch rooms .
the food was terrible ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! never have i been to a resort with such disappointing food .
every resort i have been to has been good to excellent , even the buffets .
we all had stomach problems as well .
my first time having this problem !
the a la cartes were terrible , the service was extremely slow , i understand that we are on dominican time , but honestly i almost fell asleep .
so , i really cannot recommend a restaurant for you because they were all bad .
i am not a picky eater , but i honestly thought to myself , do these chefs taste the food that they are making ?
we were there for the christmas eve dinner , and the set up and decorations were beautiful .
they did an excellent job , but too bad it did not taste as good as it looked ! the entertainment was really cheesy lip synching , but the dancers do put in a lot of effort .
if you are looking for a nightlife than this resort is not the place to be .
you have to venture out to club mangu , which is about a 5 minute cab ride , should cost you about a dollar a person .
we always went with a large group and that 's what it came out to .
the music is decent and when you are loaded than everything is amazing ! of course , the beach was beautiful .
i ca not deny that . the only positive thing about the platinum package was that we were close to the beach and the platinum lounge bartender was really awesome .
it was dead in there , but we always went there to pre drink before we headed out .
platinum members do receive better alcohol ( the only other bonus ) .
you also receive a free 20 minute massage which was pretty good and also free water excursion , but we did not use that voucher . believe me , book somewhere else ! ! that 's the honest truth : ) 
not the best i 've been to punta cana a few times and i would not recommend this hotel .
this is a large resort .
i takes about 15 minutes to get to the beach from the restaurant in a little bus .
we sometimes had to wait about 10 minutes to get a bus and then of course you would have to be quick to have a seat .
when you drive through the resort , it can sometimes smell really badly . . .
i felt sorry for the people with a room in that part of the resort .
furthermore , the food was okay in the main restaurant , but not fab .
there are a la carte restaurants as well , but you have to book in advance ( from about 9 am ) and in our 2 weeks stay , most of the restaurants were full every night .
only were able to try one a la carte restaurant ( the italian ) and it was not special .
so overall , there are a lot of better hotels in punta cana than this one .
just ok just returned from bavaro princess last night .
weather was great , beach was wonderful , rooms were nice .
i personally did not care for the food , and i am not a picky eater .
i realize i was in a different country , so i expected different food .
the dinners were better , but i did not care for the buffets .
that 's ok , i went for the beach , not to eat .
drinks were very good , fast service at this time of year .
our keys did not work and it took quite a few calls to get it fixed , we were told there were no safe keys , to come back tomorrow .
the apple rep . got us one immediately after we were told there were not any .
it took us 3 days to get wash rags , you might want to take your own .
maintenance came very quickly for any problems , ac was great in our room .
some restaurants were not air conditioned and it was hot !
the shows are not air cond .
and have no breeze since it is away from the beach .
very hot during the shows .
if you want to see some happy people , and some great smiles , take some candy and pass it out to the maids , the pool workers , maintenance and those who take care of the grounds .
i layed on the beach on my 50th bday and passed out lollipops to anyone walking by , those selling excursions , and those selling jewelry or conch shells and the activity people .
it was great to make so many people happy .
the country is so poor that noone can afford candy .
take some crayons , markers , pens and notebooks for their children and they will love it .
our maid gave us great service when we left small gifts or tips .
the trolley drivers love lollipops too .
the only time we had a long wait for the trolley was sunday am when guests were checking in , other than that it was very prompt .
you may have to be pushy to get what you want , they will tell you they will take care of it , but they just do not seem to care . please look up medina from security and take some candy for his seven children , he was such a sweet person with a great smile .
we invited him for some bday cake and i got a big hug and kiss for my bday !
there are 2 medinas one in the restaurant and one in security .
its the one in security .
one complaint was when we went to get pool towels , there were not any till the next day , they said to come at 8, but it was not open till 9. we had trouble making reservations in the nice restaurants , they will tell you they are full , but you go by and hardly anyone is eating there .
be pushy and you will get the ones you want .
we were told the first night there were no reservations left , but the rest .
were empty , not sure what that was all about .
there is a girl at guest services who is not so nice .
she screwed our reservations for dinner up and it was not open when we when to eat .
she also told us the shopping place opened at 8 and it was really 9am .
beware of her .
remember it is a $2 connection fee for any call from the room even if the hotel connects you .
we wished we would have know that from january 15th till the end of april , the ocean is as calm as a swimming pool , thats how i like it .
there are some guys selling time shares next door at occidental , they are a lot of fun , but be sure you get everything they say you will get if you go listen to the time share talk .
and they get a commission if you go listen , we did it for them .
they knew we were not going to buy .
for the money , the bavaro princess is an ok place to stay , but remember you are going to a country where mostly no one speaks english .
very few guests spoke english either , and most women were topless , many who should not been topless in public .
a few old , large men wore dental floss thongs , and changed right on the beach into tiny speedos to go into lunch .
then back into the floss thongs .
there was quite a parade of boobs all day long , and they all seem to have to bend and stretch to flounce them around .
nice resort , not - so - nice food my girlfriends and i spent our annual vacation at the bavaro princess from 7/14 - 7/17 and here is a brief synopsis of our trip .
our trip was booked through apple vacations who were very good about making the reservations and providing us with all the appropriate information .
we booked the platinum package which included access to the platinum lounge ( which is always stocked with beverages and munchies ) , a 20 minute massage , free meal at the resort 's gourmet restaurant and one watersport activity .
we had an early flight and arrived in punta cana at 9:30 am .
after going through dr customs we were met by an apple representative and whisked away on a bus to the hotel .
the ride was about 35 - 45 minutes with one stop ( to another resort ) .
after our arrival , we went to the main check - in and was greeted by a waiter passing out cool drinks which turned out to be loaded with sugar .
the drink was so unbearable that we tried to dilute it with water but it didn?? deaden the sweetness .
the lobby of the hotel however , is beautiful and well kept .
we were greeted with smiles and holas which was pleasant .
after being led to the platinum check - in , we boarded a tram which gave us a tour of the grounds .
the resort is simply fabulous with greenery , flowers , flamingos , parrots , peacocks , etc and is identical to the pictures presented .
because there were four of us ( two to a room ) , we had hoped that our suites would be adjacent to one another but instead were on opposite sides of the platinum lounge .
our rooms were very nice and well - maintained .
the shower was hot in our room but the water pressure was somewhat weak improving over the course of our stay .
my friend 's room had no hot shower water at all .
some people on ta complained of a faint sewage odor and we could smell something in our room but it was not overbearing .
in regards to reading the reviews of the food , we had hoped that the previously posted reviewers were exaggerating ; however , this was not the case .
by the end of the trip , one of us fell ill to the food ; another was hit with something upon arriving home and all of us left the resort with an overall bad taste in our mouths .
as my friend ( who got sick ) puts it : the food was merely an assembly line where they re - packaged it for the different restaurants .
what was served on the lunch buffet was served at dinner .
the safest bet was to eat the fruit and fish which was good .
we were required to make reservations to all of the restaurants but once we got there , we couldn?? see the point .
again , we saw the same food at every single restaurant over and over and over ? ? for the most part , the beverages were okay ( very sweet ) .
because the food was horrific , we will not go back to punta cana - - - it seems that from reading the reviews from all resorts in punta cana , the food leaves a lot to be desired .
when you are on holiday , food is part of the experience and can make an impact on your visit as it was the case here .
overall , the beaches , grounds , rooms and staff were very nice and hospitable .
but , that 's not enough to bring us back .
do not eat the food - -only benefit . . . lose wieght !
we got sick . . . basically my advise is do not eat the food !
after 2 days my husband and i were in the bathroom more than i would like to admit .
none on the mayonasie based items were ever on ice and all of the meats were under or over cooked .
please be very picky about what you decide to ingest !
also , we were on the bottom floor of a room and the room above us was leaking the toilet water and shower water into our bathroom .
we called the hotel everyday and no one came to fix it .
it was gross and stinky every day .
there were days that our room did not get made up either . the only thing that was good were the drinks and the beach .
this was the first trip i 've taken in 10 years and every night my husband and i just felt dirty .
we even met some other couples down there ( quite a few ) who had the same issues w/ the food .
some of then , including us , threw up , got the cold chills etc . and it was not from drink the alcohol .
the water will also make you sick because of the bacteria .
if you even have a little cut on your leg it will get infected .
i have a couple soars on my legs because i nicked myself from shaving and they are still infected !
my hiusband and i are both going to the doctor tomorrow also because we are still having stomach problems .
next time we are going to st . martin . . . . .
a very mixed review we stayed at this property with a group of thirty .
the public spaces and grounds were beautiful and well kept .
the cleaning and ground crews deserve well earned kudos .
our suite was also very nice .
the air conditioning worked very good , and the bed was comfortable .
our only complaint with the room was the lack of wash cloths for the shower .
i would suggest that anyone traveling to this resort bring along their own .
the pools and beach were wonderful .
the sugar white sand and clear warm waters were the highlight of our stay .
be sure to set out your beach towels early if you want a good place to enjoy the day , as they are reserved as early as seven in the morning .
the food and service is another story .
we ate in six of the seven restaurants .
only two of the six were air conditioned , which made for a uncomfortable dinner .
the men are required to wear long pants and closed shoes to dinner in all but the buffet hispanola .
my wife and i enjoyed the restaurant sikura the best .
the service and food are excellent here .
some of the food in the buffets was downright scary .
food that should be kept cold was warm , and food that should be kept hot was warm also .
several people in our group became ill on the food .
the service varied from very good to poor .
i noticed that the spanish speaking guests seemed to get the best service .
another suggestion is to brush up on your spanish .
even the front desk staff had a very limited understanding of english .
also note that the public places like the lobby and theater are not air conditioned , and were very hot in july .
we did not see many of the shows because we did not enjoy sitting in the heat swatting mosquitoes .
by the way be sure to bring along plenty of bug spray .
i do not think that we will be visiting this resort again despite its beauity .
an honest review we stayed at the bp from june 15- june 22. just to say this at the beginning - i picked the bp after much research and really wanted to come back giving it a glowing review .
i had been reading reviews on the hotel every day for weeks before we left and they have been very useful , so i hope the following is to you as well - even though it may not be as politically correct as others .
we will give you an honest opinion of our trip ( which is not a cheap option by the way as some people have suggested ) .i have traveled to the caribbean and resorts in the indian ocean before , my partner has traveled extensively within europe , usa and the aegean , so we are not newbies , but our opinions differ on occasion .
neither of us are spoilt travelers .
we are also probably giving you more of a british view of things . the flight from britain is quite long - 8 hours , so arriving at the other end was a relief .
there was a slight mishap with our luggage ( and that of another dozen couples or so ) , when the band stopped , but we had still not seen any of our cases .
although no one communicated with us , the luggage was finally loaded onto the conveyor belt and we could collect it .
our rep ( with thomson , for you uk travelers ) was nowhere to be seen ( and there is no thomson desk ) , but after some asking around we found the correct bus .
not really what you want after a long journey . the transfer time is relatively short , just over an hour or so .
when we arrived , the check - in desk sent us to the check - out desk in order to process our request for platinum .
although there was a bit of confusion , they had picked up my request for a platinum room ( emailed the week before , very efficient ) but had not picked up on the fact we wanted to book platinum as a package , too .
after many little delays , we were led to the platinum lounge , where they finally checked us in and showed us the room . room location was fantastic , 2 minutes from the beach ( #713) .
the rooms are , as many people have said before , very spacious , if a little dated .
the sleeping area is lovely .
some of the complimentary spirits provided in the optics were running low when we arrived .
they were not to be refilled during our stay even after we had finished what was left in them .
our bathroom had a tub with shower , toilet and bidet .
sink area had lots of room for all your bathroom things .
the closet was large and the rooms have a iron and ironing board .
there is a coffeemaker in each room with glasses , coffee cups , powdered milk , sugar and coffee . the beach and grounds , as have been described in other reviews , are pretty great .
due to it being off season , we had a palapa every day ? ? but you are still advised to get there and put your towel down before 7.30 am .
some people reserve them ( like some american folks next to us , sorry ) , and then only turn up at 2pm or later .
i think that?? a disgrace . the beach is lovely , but the sea bed was full of seaweed on some days .
if you go up east to the flea market , be prepared for some very aggressive tactics to get you into the shops/huts and to be ripped off unless you enjoy the haggling game ( we don?? really ) .
nothing has a price? ? br/>the
weather was lovely , apart from the last two days , when it was overcast after a thunderstorm the day before .
the heat and humidity can knock your socks off . maid service : we tipped and left a nice message and present on day 1.
the net outcome was that we got 2 more bottles of soberano beer , which is not as good as presidente ( despite asking for presidente ) and that was it .
sadly , over the next few days , the maid did less and less in the room .
washing out cups , replacing spirits , etc . was not really of concern to her .
we left another generous tip and presents at the end , but not because we were impressed , it was more out of habit and because they earn so little . food : the big one .
neither i nor my husband are picky eaters , so please take the following in the spirit it is intended in .
after 3 days of happily eating a variety of things , both of us got sick , really sick .
the rest of the holiday was a write - off .
i am saying this because being sick is not just a slight distraction , it really ruins the enjoyment of your holiday , as you get very suspicious of everything , even when you feel better . hispaniola : this really has the best choice and , in some ways , the best service .
however , it is so hot and sticky that we found it difficult to enjoy the experience .
the ceiling fans are quite pathetic and few in between . the food there , despite enthusiastic reports on this site , is mediocre .
what is worse , the temperatures food is kept in are awful .
hot food is lukewarm , and cold food is tepid .
there may be thermometers , but they are not set high enough .
i don?? think it was this place we got sick from , but the oil/fat in which everything is cooked , reminds you of what made you ill , and i sadly remain with memories of eating potatoes and pushing the rest of my plate away , feeling sick just smelling the food on it . el gaucho beach buffet : we ate here most mornings and lunchtimes before we fell ill .
it felt much nicer eating breakfast getting a feel of the breeze , and made up for the lack of choice .
the scrambled egg was lukewarm , as were the sausages and other dishes on offer .
hot foods should be hot , cold ones should be cold .
easy right ?
not in this place .
a few days at lunchtime , we enjoyed freshly made paella and barbeque , which was nice . sakura : the air conditioning is fierce , which is quite nice .
as to the food , forget it .
we came out hungry .
you get 3 thin slices of sushi ( well , california roll ) .
i asked for some more , which was ignored ( greedy me ) .
the won ton soup could be renamed the ??ne ton soup? ? as there was only one in the broth .
my husband?? peking duck was a leg of duck rather than the dish we get elsewhere ( including china ) with cucumber , pancakes , plum sauce , etc .
it would have been helpful if they ad said this when ordering as we were assured it was what we wanted .
chopin : it was a better quality buffet than hispaniola , but be warned : this is where i think we both became ill from .
you do get things like smoked salmon , but it does not taste or smell fresh .
i had a suspicion about the fresh prawns they will fry for you , but got ill despite not eating them .
the musical entertainment is nice , but short , and the pianist does have problems hitting the right notes .
service was poor until i had made our presence known to the waiting staff .
after that , we were very well looked after . licey : nice , but nouvelle cuisine .
you may be hungry afterwards .
we had the pleasure of some american guest behaving only as americans can ? ? very loud .
all guests went home feeling as though they knew them quite well , including their jobs and relationship dilemmas .
i would not spend money on that restaurant .
the food was nice but little of it ( i know we sound greedy , but we??e not ! )el gaucho at night : you will be rushed between your starter and main course .
the starters were tiny .
the main course was a bit of a laugh , portion - wise .
the steak ( nice , but fatty ) was one of the smallest we had ever seen .
it was accompanied by an upturned potato and no vegetables .
we declined dessert , based on that experience . all in all , i am bitterly disappointed by the food and facilities .
if you are spanish or speak more than tourist spanish , i think you may have a much better quality of holiday , as i think we paid more than some teenagers who were quite happy generating a noise level which drives holidaymakers like us away from the bar .
based on experiences from other resorts in the caribbean , i think at the very minimum they need to invest in some bain - maries and the like to keep food at the temperature it is intended to be eaten at .
accepting that a quota of guests get ill is just not good enough ? ? which is why the dr is off the list of future holiday destinations .
no one seemed concerned at what is not right , so we wil go to where guests are perhaps deemed a little more important . pltinum
lounge : we got this as part of paying $250 per week extra .
it was nice , but perhaps they should put staff from here to the bar in the pool which constantly has bad service because there are only 2 people dealing with loads of guests .
there were just too many people doing stupid things , like polishing water bottles , but use of the room was nice for sure . sadly , this is it and my partner is left with the impression that all ai holidays in the caribbean are like that , whic is not true - however , be careful : we both got ill and are still not o .
two weeks after 
interesting trip ( not in a good way ) okay , let me first say that the hotel and the view was beautiful .
when we first arrived , the air in our room did not work , they came and fixed it immediately .
the employees are usually nice and are willing to help .
the problem came , when booking the trip and packing for the trip we went to the website of the resort to look up the dress codes or to see if there were any .
the website said that only a la carte restuarants had dress codes , that were , as follows : men only have the wear pants to dinner , sleeved shirts ( like polos ) , and closed toed shoes .
so by reading this , we packed two pair of dress slacks for my husband .
when we checked into the hotel , we were told that every morning we had to get up early and make dinner reservations for every night of our stay .
so naturally , we thought that would be one meeting to book the entire week .
we were wrong .
every morning you have to get up and be in line and wait to book dinner reservations for , at most , one day in advance .
ok , whatever , no big deal .
the whole time , we were never told that every restuarant , a la carte or not , with the exception of one , the men had to wear long pants .
keep in mind it 's on average 95 degrees and humid as hades .
so , the first night we ate at el gaucho , our husbands wore pants , other men wore shorts .
the next night , we went to el pescador , and the same thing .
so we were frustrated and ask to speak to the manager 
hugely disappointing i was really hoping to be one of the people to come back and write a rave review about this resort , but unfortunately it is not to be .
i am re - reading some of the reviews from people who loved it and it is unbelievable that my experience was so different .
i stayed at the bavaro princess from 4/29-5/6.
i traveled with my husband and another couple - we are all in our early 30's .
i understand that we are in a different country and i do not believe that i had unrealistic expectations by any stretch of the imagination .
i promise you that i am not spoiled , pretentious or high maintenance .
rooms : the rooms were large and clean .
there is a musty smell , but you do get over it after a few minutes .
there were some issues , however .
our television broke on day 2. the cord and cable extension were ripped out of the wall .
the mini - refrigerator leaked and there was standing water in our room that the cleaning service failed to notice ( despite generous tips each day ) .
we saw the guy who re - stocked our refrigerator on day 2 and gave him $10 to hook us up .
that did not happen - we had two stale beers in our refrigerator every day .
there were random power outages - not just the energy conservation outages , but outages at 7pm when you were trying to get ready for dinner .
also , two days in a row without our shampoo being re - stocked .
obviously , none of these are deal killers ( how much time do you really spend in your room ? ) .
at the same time , it starts to get frustrating when it 's something different every day . food/booze : i religiously took acidophilus prior to our trip as well as a pepto bismol caplet each morning .
did not help .
three of the four of us experienced food poisoning .
in fact , we ended up eating dinner for four nights of our trip at a restaurant outside of the resort .
if you are dying for something edible , go to high wave across the street .
the beer was warm , the rum was decent and the mixed drinks had an obscene amount of grenadine .
it 's very difficult to get restaurant reservations .
if you have the opportunity to book them ahead of time , do so and save yourself from getting up before 8am , taking a trolley to the main lobby and waiting in line for 20 minutes . service : it was either really good or really bad .
most of the bartenders at the pool and beach area were very helpful .
some of the people working at the lunch and breakfast buffets were not so helpful .
the people working at the front desk were no treat either .
beach : the beach is as beautiful as everyone says .
we were able to get chairs every day by either the beach or pool .
if you have patience , you can normally find people abandoning the coveted huts by early afternoon .
we participated in deep sea fishing ( crowded on the boat the size of a dust mite for four hours - did not catch anything ) , snorkeling ( murky water . . . jellyfish ) and swimming with the dolphins on dolphin island ( a four hour trip in which 25 minutes are actually in the water with the dolphins - basically to pose for two pictures that you can later purchase for $8 a pop ) .
at the end of the day , this is a huge resort and everything was just more of a hassle than you want to have on a vacation ( trolley rides , waiting in line for dinner reservations , trying to get a chaise lounge , issues with the room etc . ) .
in the future , i will spend more money to stay somewhere a little more intimate and have good service/food .
if you have been on all inclusive vacations before and have been happy with them , this will most likely not meet your expectations .
bavaro princess wedding we stayed at the bavaro princess from apr 22-29.
our group had 9 people in 4 rooms and the reviews were mixed .
our travel agent had requested rooms near each other and close to the beach .
we ended up with 1 room near the beach , 1 not too far and 2 at the farthest point from the beach .
( if you 're there for your honeymoon , be prepared - the honeymoon suites are about a 10 minute walk from the beach ) check - in was ok for 3 rooms , but my wife and i had to wait over an hour to have our bags brought to the room .
this was after spending more than 30 minutes trying to find the room .
the honeymoon suites are not on the map and the only directions we received in english were it 's that way .
as part of the wedding/honeymoon package , we were supposed to receive a welcome fruit basket and a late check - out time .
we did not get either of these . the wedding was wonderful .
the wedding coordinator ( gabriel ) took care of everything .
the service was later in the day so we missed the most intense sun .
the view of the beach was incredible .
our bartender and the cameraman were excellent .
both spoke fluent english and were extremely helpful . the beach at this resort is very nice .
the sand is soft and white .
the only complaint is that you need to get up very early to have any chance at getting one of the huts .
the water was warm and very refreshing after soaking up the hot sun ( make sure you bring lots of sun block ) .the grounds are amazing .
there are lots of different birds and plants to see .
they also have a walkway built through the mangroves .
you can expect to see flamingos , peacocks and lots of little lizzards .
watch out for the geese - they expect to be fed and will let you know it : - )the food was hit or miss ( mostly miss ) .
half of our group enjoys seafood and the other half does not .
the seafood lovers were not impressed , except the night they went to the seafood restaurant .
bella pasta was quite good .
most of our meals were at the main buffet , which had a lot of the same food over and over .
the best part was all the fresh fruit .
it was incredible , so sweet and full of flavour ! !our wedding dinner was at licey .
the food was very good , but the service was beyond slow .
it took about 1.5 hours to get our meals . check - out was a nightmare .
we had to be out of our rooms by noon , but the bus to the airport did not leave until 6:00.
we were promised a locked room for our luggage and a courtesy room to shower before we left .
the locked room ended up being the curb near the front of the resort .
after waiting over 2 hours to have our luggage picked up , we ended up carting it to the front of the resort by ourselves .
we did hear others complaining of similar problems .
the courtesy room was a joke .
there was only 1 clean towel for the 2 of us .
the bathroom floor was soaked and slippery and there was no shower head .
it seemed quite apparent they no longer cared since we had already checked out .
the bars at the front of the resort were much better than the beach .
at the beach they put so much alcohol in each drink that it drowns out any flavor .
we 're not heavy drinkers , so we did not really enjoy the drinks at the beach . the nightly entertainment is quite good .
they bring in dancers and do a different stage show each night . overall we had a good time .
the rooms were nice and the resort was very clean .
we did not have problems with musty rooms and food poisoning like other reviews have complained about .
the resort certainly was not terrible , but be prepared for some problems particularly with slow service .
dont go to bavaro or to the dominican for that matter .
i won a trip for work so they sent us to this place for 4 days .
i found the grounds to be ok . . very lush and pretty but very busy with bustling workers , trolleys , people .
this place seemed old and beat up a bit .
i liken it to this example : its like if you go to a nice private college and then you go and visit your friend who attends a state university in massachusetts . .
the architecture is all poured concrete and not very well kept . . . just cold and smells like urine . honestly , i found the nighttime to be the best time to be outside at this resort .
there is just too many people .
the pool bar is jammed all day with people .
the frozen drinks are real syrupy and not very slushy .
( this is the case at all the bars ) .
el presidente beer tastes like bottled farts .
i stepped on glass in the pool and have to go to a doctor to get it removed in the us . the food at this place is terrible .
they have these great big spreads but its all nasty stuff .
its not kept well ( hot or cold ) .
5 people in our group of 30 got sick . 2 of them had to stay in bed for 2 days .
i 'm not kidding here .
they ate some crap at the seafood place . the room smelled very musty/moldy .
mine was #102. . .
they where all concrete and very cold feeling , not cosy .
the room layout is not very good either . i would not pay to go to this resort .
in fact i will never go to the dominican again .
i 'm glad i had this free trip to find out all about it . go to aruba or mexico .
this place is a waste .
bad service and sick we returned from our 2 week stay on april 18/06.
i have been sick from some sort of food poisining since april 14/06.
i was layed up in bed for 1 day and was not able to eat for 2 days .
we went with a group of 30 people and 6 of the 30 are suffering the same symtoms .
they tell you that everything is washed with filtered water but is this really true ?
after about 4 days all the food starts to taste the same .
the service in this resort is terrible .
our trip started with my 5 year olds suitcase not at the airport .
when we got to the hotel , i asked the guy at the front desk if he could call the airport and see if anyone had turned in the suitcase .
i told me to talk to my travel rep .
this was fine except that the travel rep would not be there until the following morning .
i told him this and he refused to call and pointed to a pay phone .
i literally begged this guy to phone for me and all he could do was say use the pay phone .
the following morning the bag showed up as it had been sent to porta plata , but not because of anyones help at the resort .
one night we went to the lobby for supper .
it was very busy , and after getting our plates we found that there was no tables open .
after 5 mins , a table of 4 left .
our group was 4 adults and my 5 year old daughter .
the table next to us was kind enough to give us 1 chair they were not using so my daughter could sit down .
we put the cahir off the corner of the table and before she could even sit down the waitress came and pulled the chair away and said you ca not sit 5 people at a 4 person table and put the chair back .
i grabbed the chair back and set my daughter down .
this waitress was mad .
she was talking to the other servers in spanish and pointing at us .
so to not cause a seen , i put my daughter on lap for dinner and put the chair back .
the waitress had removed her name tag so i could not get her name to complain .
after dinner i tried to talk to a superviser to complain and after talking to 3 different people that could not understand my complaint i left .
we ran into a language barrier problem quite a few times .
it is suprising how little to no english some of them speak that work in a resort .
all the bars are under staffed .
you would sometimes wait 5 mins to get served and there was for the most part no hurry to get you your drinks .
on a positive note we met a bartender on the first night by the name of plinto .
this guy was awesome .
he took good care of us the whole trip and always had a smile on his face .
he would go out of his way to make sure the kids had a slush and that he said hi to them each night .
the resort is beautiful and is kept clean .
you will not find a nicer ocean view and beach .
the security on the beach and resort is good so you are not getting bothered buy peddlers all day .
the rooms are spacious and clean .
the kids club is good and they always seem to have something going on for the kids .
i recomend this resort if you want a nice beach and resort .
do not go here if you are looking for good food or good service .
would not go back .
we stayed at the bavaro princess from march 12 thru march 17th .
we went to the resort knowing that there were bad reviews but wanted to be optimistic . we did not get to the resort until 8:30 pm so there was no apple rep there to great us .
we checked in and found that our room was close to the beach .
but found it was very far away from the lobby .
we received our packet of info and set off to our room .
there was no room on the tram so we walked , only to find out we were not given room key cards in our packet .
so we had to walk all the way back to the lobby and receive our key cards .
once again we had to walk back to the room .
by this time i had a bleeding blister on my foot and once we got close to our room i slipped off the side of the walkway and twisted my ankle !
i was able to walk it off the rest of the week - no dr . exam .
we found the room to smell very musty ( room 665 ) and realized that the fresh paint was only hiding a mold problem .
the cold water in the sink was turned off completey .
we found out that you ca not drink the water at all , but only the next morning and after my husband turned the water back on so we could brush our teeth and get ready for bed , etc . . .
we had to use the gallon water they put in the frig all week to brush our teeth and in the evenings , wash our faces in the shower/tub .
make sure and check that your water bottles are sealed shut when you get them .
we had the feeling that they reused the bottles .
some of ours were not sealed and appeared to have been opened .
we exchanged them for different ones . the beach and resort was beautiful but they have major septic issues .
many times the toilets in the lobby were backed up and i mean it had been quite a while since they had been flushed ! ! !
about the 4th day there , there was pooled water in our area and the smell of septic was very strong .
the food was pretty bad .
everything was toom temp at best .
we could not understand why they have issues with keeping the food warm since they feed so many people it should be easy enough .
the scrambled eggs were runny , the bacon cold and raw .
i had to spit out a bite of sausage that was done , but horrible - and we are from wisconsin and know our sausage and brats ! !
even the pork and beef were bad .
if you stuck to fruit or the chicken you could survive the week .
we went to the chopin only to find it was the same buffet food we had at lunch .
the only difference was the boat singer .
it did not make up for the bad food .
they sure did pour the wine and drinks to us though .
we figured if the kept us drunk then we 'd eat anything .
no thank you . we also ate at the gaucho .
my husband had the chicken but i tried the beef .
it was horrible .
the asian restaurant ( ca not remember the name right now ) seemed to be ok but i thought i 'd try the terriaki pork this time .
it was pretty bad as well .
husband had the chicken again .
we met a couple and their 2 kids from canada .
they waited 2 hrs at the asian rest .
for their main course and finally walked out ! ! the seafood restaurant was ok but they over cook the lobster .
still with some drawn butter it was probably the best meal we had . the coffee was very good .
we did not have the platinum package so all we could have for drinks was the tap beer ( not bad ) and dominican liquor ( not bad either ) but any top rail stuff was going to be added to your bill in the end .
the bottled beer in the frig was very skunky tasting and smelling .
if you got past the first one then you could keep drinking them .
once again - we are from wisconsin and know our beer ! we went through the mangrove a few times .
it was pretty .
walking through the resort can be dangerous as the trams come past quickly and you have to step off the walkway , which in some spots is about 6 inches above the grass below .
( that 's how i twisted my ankle .
) by thursday we noticed we were not given a fresh gallon of drinking water and ended up getting more bottles of water through out the day so we could make some coffee and brush our teeth the next day .
they were completey out of towels on thursday too ! !
how does that happen at nice resort . overall the resort is very nice looking but that does not help when they have major issues keeping the thing running . this was our first time at an all inclusive resort and were turned off by this place .
nice place bad food i just got back from a seven night stay at the bavaro princess .
the place is as nice as the pictures show .
the beachis beautiful , the pools are huge and the rooms look just like the ads .
that was the good part .
now for the bad parts .
the first thing that you notice after you see how nice the place is is the fact that you ca not walk anywhere without getting run off of the pathways buy the constant parade of trams , service vehicles , and other workers who sem to be going somewhere in a hurry .
later you will realize the only thing this hotel is in a hurry to do is take your money .
the hotel is large but there is no reason to have the constant traffic .
if the guests can walk , which most of the time you have to even though there are trams , so could the help .
the two stroke fuel they use also leaves an oily film everywhere that makes things slippery as ice .
we met two people through the week that fell and seriously hurt themselfs , one of them went home in a wheelchair .
then there was the air conditioning in our room .
the first day it did not work , we told the hotel , they said it would be taken care of , somebody came i do not know what the did but it did not work .
wh were assured it was fixed but it did next to nothing the whole week .
must of the time we left the door open because the outside air was cooler .
lastly and most importantly was the food .
it was bad enough that the food tasted horrible and they had the exact same thing on the main buffet the whole week , but i got food poisoning too .
no if was not the water like many poeple said .
i only drank bottled water no tap .
the problem is these people need to be introduced to some kind of safe food handling guidelines .
everything no matter if it is hot on cold food is at or near room temp .
then to top that the food sits until it gets eaten or the meal is over which can be five hours .
at 85 degrees that 's way too long .
then the ala cart restaraunts , they are not truely made to order instead you just tell a waiter what you want and they get if off of a buffet for you .
if you go take your own food .
the people at this resort will really show you why this island is so poor .
they are lazy and ignorant .
wonderful vacation - a few complaints though . . .
i just returned from a 7 day vacation to punta cana - and i hate to say it , but it really started off on the wrong foot .
me and my party arrived @ bwi at 4am to catch the 6am flight to punta cana - little did we know that our flight had been cancelled .
we were not alone as there were about 100 other passengers there with us .
we got a very vague explanation of why our flight would not be taking off on time , and that maybe our flight would leave @ 5:30pm .
to make a very long story short , we were never contacted by our apple vacation rep @ the airport , the airline themselves had no information and about 40 of us were stranded @ the airport to find our flight info by ourselves .
needless to say when we finally left bwi at 7:10pm (13 hours after arriving there ) usa3000 flight #315 was filled with a bunch of tired , frustrated passengers just wanting to start their vacation .
( and just a sidenote , if you are stranded @ the airport for 13 hours , apple offers you no vouchers and no assistance on their customer service line for complaints .
i will never take another apple vacation again ! ! ) but onto the actual vacation - the flight to punta canna was smooth with no problems , but be on your toes when arriving at their airport !
you are rushed into one giant line were you will need to pay your $10 entrance fee to the country and also get your passport stamped .
beware , they hurry you so much that they did not stamp my sister 's passport - when she tried to get back in the line to tell them they hurried her off again telling her not to worry .
well she was adamant about this and then they realized their mistake .
no apologies offered , just stamped the passport and hurried us to luggage .
( another sidenote , the $10 fee is also expected when you leave the island .
if you are traveling w/ apple they take care of the $10 exit fee but you must pay when you enter the country . )once
we got our luggage our apple rep was there to tell us what bus to take to the bavaro - once we were on the bus it was about 12:30 am - most of us at this point had been up for 24 hours ! !it was a smoot ride to the hotel ( about 20 minutes @ that time of night b/c there is no traffic ! )
once we arrived at the hotel , we checked in and were whisked away to our rooms and the luggage followed about 20 minutes later .
thus the end of our first day of vacation . . . .bedtime 2 am . we we woke up the next morning , we tried to forget about the previous day of travel and were still a bit cranky . .
the bavaro did take our request to have our three rooms put together , so we had gotten two bottom rooms and one top room .
the bottom rooms my family was into smelled a bit musty so remember to take along a couple candles to ease the stink .
our room on the top floor did not have a musty smell but we were the only ones that had little ants on our countertops throughout the week .
they were not really a bother , but i 'm not totally comfortable with things crawling around my toiletries either !
give and take to having a top floor room . the buffets were good , nothing to rave about though .
we did breakfast @ la hispaniola every morning and were satisfied with their meals ( you do not need reservations there . )
we also did this buffet ever other night b/c it was hard to get reservations every night for dinner .
we learned that the desk for dinner reservations for the other restaurants opened @ 8am - and tho get a good spot you needed to be in line by 7:45am - those reservations went quick ! !diner @ the buffet la hispaniola was very nice - the staff there was excellent !
we went to the other buffett @ chopin restaurant the second night - that was the equivalent to la hispaniola , nothing great !
i missed out on the night the family went to the japanese restaurant sakura .
unfortunately i must have swallowed some of the water and was feeling pretty rough !
most of my family was happy with there meals , but the said the staff was terribly ignorant .
we also tried dinner @ pescador .
that was also adaquate , but nothing special - again the staff was not pleasant .
we enjoyed our lunch everday @ el gaucho - they are located right on the beach and had different types of food @ their buffet .
great food !
the days consisted of reserving a hut first thing in the morning , they are all claimed by 8am .
putting your towels under a hut will reserve it for a couple hours .
the beach is absolutely gorgeous and the ocean is delightful - it made every other complaint disappear and remind us of why we booked this trip .
no complaints about the beach ! ! ! there was just a bit of a language barrier there , but nothing too frustrating .
most of the staff in the main lobby know english , but it was mostly just the restaurants were there was the most confusion .
the waiters and waitresses knew very little english .
by the end of the week , everyone you passed was yelling hola ! and going about their business .
in the end , with all of the low points of the trip , it was definitely worth taking and we all did enjoy ourselves .
punta cana is absolutely gorgeous and it was worth every penny .
we were scheduled to stay at the melia caribe , but all our friends got bumped to this hotel b/c they booked online and melia bumped 67 overbooked rooms to other hotels .
( everyone that was bumped had booked online instead of through a travel agent ) we booked through an agent , but wanted to be with our friends so we requested to go to bavaro .
the grounds are amazing , so we were encouraged .
there is wildlife allover . . . if you have kids , they will love it !
the room however , was dated , dark , and old .
it definately needs updated and fixing up .
the service was hot  cold .
there were many times that we felt lied to .
the food was fine .
the beach is amazing .
would not go back , but we had fun .
we have just returned for bavaro princess on the 7th of march .
the grounds were nice , beach beautiful , and weather great .
the fronk desk , the lobby bars and the restaurant 's reservation desk , all seemed rude and could care less .
no lost in translation , just rude . it just seemed like they all were robots .
except the pool bartender and the burger stand cook .
there was security everywhere , which was nice , but made you wonder . the buffet 's were bad , really really bad .
other restaurants average .
nighttime entertainment was average as well .
you have to hold ( placing a beach towel on a chair ) a nice spot on the beach ( or pool ) before 8:30am or your left with a bad place to lay out in the sun .
before we left (2 weeks ago ) this resort was 13th , now it has dropped to 21st ! never again .
read reviews before booking my friend and i wanted a short vacation to a beach location , and when the travel agent told us about the apple square deal , we thought that sounded great .
we did not know where we would stay until we arrived at the airport , and even then , we checked the apple brochure , and the princess looked fine to us .
we learned later why the princess had rooms available for the square deal . our troubles began at the punta cana airport where , after claiming our luggage and giving it to the apple rep . , it disappeared .
we were assured that this happens all the time and that they would have it at our hotel and would send it to our room the same day .
apparently , there are several princess hotels , and our luggage must have gone to the wrong one .
we eventually found it in the lobby at 6 p . m . that was just the beginning .
every review i have read on this site confirms our experience .
yes , the grounds and beach are lovely .
yes , the configuration of the rooms is fine , but as someone said , poorly lit .
but the staff is generally rude and not helpful .
our room was not ready at 3:00, so we had to wait until they assigned us another one .
at check - in we were not given towel cards or told about the lock for the safe .
when we called to request them , we were told that they would be brought to our room .
never happened .
the food was just adequate , and every day we had to stand in line to make dinner reservations .
if we had known about the fresh grill at the main buffet , we might have tried it .
the shower sprayed water in every direction except the right one , and the sink would not drain .
one day we returned from the beach to find that our keys did not work .
the response from the desk was that we must have gotten them wet .
no , they had just changed the lock .
the next day after the beach , i returned to the room to find a maintenance man in the bathroom .
he was fixing the toilet - which had worked fine .
i explained about the shower and sink , and he did fix those .
about the same time , someone arrived to spray for roaches .
we had complained about one that jumped out at me from a pile of papers on the table .
after much complaining on our part , the day before we left , we also received a bowl of old fruit .
maybe it was the same one as another guest mentioned .
we did not even get the card , so we do not know who sent it .
it was one aggravation after another for the whole trip .
we had to keep reminding each other that we had come there to relax and were not going to let the hotel get in the way .
luckily we did not get sick .
i agree with another reviewer .
bavaro princess no . punta cana maybe .
bring your roller blades well if your going down to this resort be prepared to either roller blade your way around or the walking you do getting to the beach will do you good .
shuttle service to and from the rooms to the beach are a joke , 15 commuters pe trip and only 2 shuttles you can imagine the build up of riders and fustration levels , in no time you will be waiting for 20 minutes for a car and as soon as you think your on the next one someone walks out from nowhere and jumps on .
rudeness from a lot of europeans and the service around some restaurants el gaucho in the morning was miserable at best .
begging for coffee and juice was always a challenge and if you like your eggs well done in the morning this would be the place to go .
the hotel and grounds are kept very clean and service will become more attentive once you start tipping them .
resort is much to big and the food is average but beyond that , the place rates a 6 out of 10.
these comments come from someone who travels quite a bit and after staying at other bavaro resorts in the past we would pass on this one next year .
internet service is the best way to communicate back home beats the telephone service any day .
15 min 3 dollars 30 min 5 dollars and 1 hour for 8 dollars .
dont forget to bring your roller blades .
beautiful beach but not a 5 star i stayed at the bavaro princess with 7 family members from december 30, 2005 till january 6, 2006.
i must start by praising the positive .
beautiful beach and ocean ( made the whole trip ) .
resort grounds were pretty and they had two great pools as well as a swim up bar .
we enjoyed the nightly entertainment . on the negative side the accomodations were not impressive .
we had booked suites which were in a main building right near the main entrance to the resort .
we were a 10-15 minute walk to the beach and the rooms were shabby/tired looking and very damp .
the bathroom sink was leaking on the floor all week .
if you book with the bavaro princess i would advise you try and get one of the cottages close to the beach ( newer and nicer ) .
the trains they have shuttling people to the beach ( maybe 2-3 total ) were not sufficient for the size of the resort and the amount of ground you have to cover ( we were there over the christmas holidays and the resort was at full capacity ) .service was hit and miss .
i brought american money and dominican pesos .
i tipped the maid 2-4 dollars american everyday and there were no extra touches .
fridge in our room had a temperature control problem so bottles of pop kept blowing up and leaking all over the floor .
at the bars again i kept the american tips flowing and generally discovered that for some staff this was the motivation you needed to get served but yet for others they would stand around talking to other staff and basically wait on you when they felt good and ready .
having worked as both a waitress and bartender for many years i felt this was not very good service ( no consistency but i have heard this is the dominican way ) .
i did meet many nice friendly staff but there are just as many who are obviously not happen about their job .
as a friendly , easy going canadian we do not make a big stink about bad service so there was no reason for some of the attitude we ran into .
i do have to say one of the nicest staff members i met was the lady who mopped the ladies washroom every night .
she always had a smile on her face and i felt here is one person who works hard doing a job most people would not want to have , people are not throwing money at her and yet she is always happy .
a couple of nights before i left i gave her $5.00
american and thanked her for the job she does . service at the restaurants was mediocre to horrid .
at the italian restaurant they were running behind with serving people and approaching the time of the next seating .
our group of 7 was patiently waiting for our dessert and coffee .
there was no sign of waiter so we finally asked if we could speak to our waiter .
the head waiter/manager came up and asked us what did we want and when we inquired about our dessert and coffee he proceeded to tell us that they had none of the desserts left that all 7 of us had ordered ( it had been okay when we ordered ) and he very rudely offered us one other choice and made it very apparent he just wanted us to leave as they were trying to clear out the restaurant for the next seating .
we told them to forget about dessert and coffee and got up and left feeling not very good about how we had been treated .
again this is no 5 star .
last christmas the 4 star i stayed at in the mayan riviera had great service and alot better food .
half way through the week i figured out food wise i was safest with fresh fruit , bread , waffles , omlettes ( main buffet ) , pasta ( takes getting used to as they use alot of oil cooking ) or burgers and fries .
we tried the asian , italian and argentinian restaurants and had reservations for the seafood restaurant but did not go because by that point so many of our party were so sick they could not go or did not have an appetite . this brings me to my biggest problem with this place which we only discovered when we returned home .
during our week stay 5 out 7 people felt sick to some degree during the week .
for most of us it was serious stomach cramps and loose stools ( no we did not drink the water not even for brushing our teeth ) ; however for 3 people in our party it actually kept them pretty much in their rooms for 2 days with vomitting , fever and diarreah ( not pleasant to talk about but reality ) .
one of our group (10 year old ) was still so sick the weekend we got home that he had to be taken to the hospital and has since been diagnosed with salmonella poisoning .
this of course got our local health department involved and they advised the other 6 of us be tested .
much to my suprise i just found out today that i have also tested positive for salmonella .
i had falsely assumed that because i did not have the gastriointestinal symptoms anymore and only was feeling nausea ( figured it was the malaria pills i have been taking for six weeks ) that i did not have it .
so now 2 out of 7 have salmonella and we are still waiting for one more persons test results to come back .
salmonella is easily treated with antibiotics , but this is not what i expect to come back with from a 5 star resort .
we paid premium dollar to go to this place at christmas and because it was a 5 star .
i feel the trip was disappointing relative to the value we perceived/expected based on what we paid for this vacation ( makes me sick when i think what we paid for this ) .
i may have had a different opinion if i had booked a great last minute deal . lastly the tour operator , sunwing is not one i would recommend based on the flights .
two weeks before our trip our direct flight from ottawa to punta cana got cancelled and we were suddenly leaving much earlier because now we were flying ottawa to cancun and then cancun to dominican (9 1/2 hours with children ) .
needless to say we never would have booked this flight if that had been the original arrangement .
then coming back we left the resort at night for a flight that was supposed to leave around 11:30 ( had been earleir but had already been changed 2 weeks before we left ) .
we get to the airport to find out our flight is delayed and we now are not leaving until 3:30 am .
so here we are with children sleeping on benches in the airport .
we finally arrived in ottawa at 7:30 am (9 1/2 hours after we had left the resort for the airport ) .
this trip to punta cana has been my only experience with sunwing but i have since learned that they seem to have alot of these crazy long flights .
i am going to either cuba or the mayan riviera next month and have made a point of telling my travel partner that i am not crazy about travelling with sunwing again and have already vetoed a nice resort in cuba because it was with sunwing and we were going to have to fly ottawa to cancun and then cancun to cuba . i know this review sounds terrible , but it was the reality of the trip .
we did have fun despite these issues and the beach and ocean were so amazing that i might someday go back to punta cana ( a different resort ) just for more of their beaches .
we litterly stayed on the beach and played in the ocean all week and made the most of the positive points of this resort .
looks will fool you my wife and i stayed at the bavaro princess hotel dec .03 to the 10th 2005.
by the look of the lobby , you are filled with a sense of opulent granduer .
it is all open air concept with marble floors at various levels , numerous cosy couches and chairs , and 3 courtyards filled with ponds , full grown coconut palm trees , and various plants too numerous to mention .
after checking in we had a drink at one of the bars , then caught a shuttle to our fourplex near the beach .
we were hungry so we walked a short distance to the complex on the beach where they served various finger foods from 12am - 6am .
one of the things you will notice is the dominicans run on a 24 hour clock .
there was pizza , french fries , chicken fingers , salads , fruit and wine and beer .
it was all good fare . the fun started when we went back to our room .
we figured we would have a hot shower before bed .
well there was no hot water .
apparently a pipe had burst and half the resort was without it .
the problem was not fixed for three days .
when it was fixed there was no acknowlegement by the staff at the hotel that it had even happened .
if you are used to using a face cloth , take one with you because unless you speak spanish , the maid will look at you like you are speaking russian when you ask for one .
there are not any .
they give you a key and lock to the wall safe for a reason .
my wife had left a silver bracelet in her make - up bag , in our room .
let 's just say the maid did a little more cleaning that she should have .
apart from these setbacks we actually had a very goodtime till the last night .
my wife developed a stomach infection from something she ate at the resort .
i know this because , this was the reason the doctor at the punta cana hospital gave me at 5:30 in the morning the day we left .
luckily i am covered by a medi - passport through my employment and will be reimbursed for the $643.25 us his services cost us .
one other thing , you cannot cash your traveller 's checks at the hotel .
well you can , but they will only change them into pesos .
there is a bank in town a short walk away .
the good and not so good our family just returned from a wedding week trip and our group of 19 staying at the princess in the first week of november .
which overall was great but i suspect the influx in mid november may very much change the dynamic with all those people heading here to sub for their intended trips to hurricane devasted mexico , cuba and florida .
( which indeed was the fear of the resort 's staff that their own vacation time was now over ! )the housekeeping staff were just great , the bartenders at all sites showed a great sense of humor - do not order a rum and coke cuba libre since cuba is not libre and try a dominicana libre instead !
the front desk staff were friendly and efficient . the food was genrally great with the exception of the sakura specialty restaurant where trying to offer the fare of some eight far - eastern countries proved too much of a challenge and only the chinese duck with hoisin sauce pleased our group of diners .
the mandatory in - person reservation system for the various specialty restaurants on site was also a bit of a headache as people lined up for an hour to get their names on that night 's reservation list only to see their dining area half empty when they arrived at the appointed time .
( the impression was that the princess establishment would much prefer you to take the easy way out and dine in the regular buffet halls on site . )fish
chowders/soups at all sites were excellent ! one heads up is for those seeking to use the new internet cafe on site , by the frog pond , to post their e - mails and business mail back home . . . one of our party , who owns a printing and office supply business back in toronto , ontario , had the unfortunate experience of finding that a simple message to his secretary back home had an attachment added on when it arrived at the toronto office .
when the secretary opened the attachment from her boss it crashed the whole computer system with a trojan virus that took a week of expert help to eliminate !
message - be careful what you send internet home from the dominican republic , and make sure your virus definitions are very much up to date .
never go back we stayed at the bavaro princess the week of 10/16.
the grounds are beautiful , the villas are nice , most staff was good .
unless you spoke the language especially at the pool bar you were just looked over and standing there waiting for a drink .
even tipping did not help .
you would tip the first day and they be good for a while , but the next day its like they did not even know you .
food was ok , but they do not tell you upon arrival to make your reservations for the rest of your stay , because if you do not you 're stuck eating at the buffet every night .
because of hotel not being full , they closed some restaurants so whatever was open , you could not get a reservation unless you go to the lobby at 8am and stand there in line to make your reservation which i think if you are on vacation and relaxing , the last think you want to do is worry about reservations for dinner . the one big problem i did have is no air conditioning anywhere except 2 restaurants and your villa .
all i know is that when i eat , i need to be confortable .
knowing that there was no airconditioning , just figured there would be some sort of a breeze , well that did not happen , so you are there eating and sweating in your good clothes , also if were were luckly enough to get a reservation at one of the restaurants without air conditioning , they require the men to where long pants , all i know is that my husband was not a happy camper doing this , but it did not happen anyway , because we ate at the buffet most nights , so that was not an issue .
we did eat one night at licey which was somewhat air conditioned . entertainment was ok , but never wanted to go because club was not air conditioned either .
so there was not much to do at night except the casino which thank god it was air conditioned . room was kept clean and tipping the maid she put fresh flowers in our room which was very nice . we decided to go vip , which did not make much difference , we still got a room near the lobby because we were told no rooms were available .
so either we walked or took the tram near the lobby if you were lucky to get on it .
now mind you , when you are in another country , i guess its just a free for all .
i know when i wait for something and someone is in front of me , you just wait your turn , well not here , people are very pushy , so when the tram comes to pick you up , its like a free for all , and whoever can get a seat , gets it , every by pushing people out of the way . i guess if you do not mind what i mentioned , its a nice place , but i will never return .
hotel okay but does not warrant a return visit my wife and i spent a week at this resort in feb .05.
the hotel itself was pleasant .
we had a vip package which allowed us ( i presume ) to have a suite with an ocean view and the room itself was very clean and well decorated .
the grounds were well kept and the common areas were well appointed .
the staff was most pleasant especially the people in the beachside restuarant . our biggest complaint was the food in the buffet area .
we tried the chinese buffet the first night and it was truly disgusting .
we could not believe how bad it was .
the next morning we went to the buffet again and could not again believe how awful the food was .
from then on we confined ourselves to breakfast and lunch at the beachside hut which was always satisfactory .
in the evening they turn this hut into a seafood restaurant and it too was always enjoyable .
il pescador and the steakhouse were also good . we found that the staff at the lobby bar at night would avoid the english speaking crowd in favour of the spanish speaking clientele .
this was not impressive and when the a waiter tried to sell me grass i was not impressed either .
( when in rome ? ? ) another thing that drove us nuts was that kenny g was piped throughout the grounds daily , ad nauseum .
you could not walk anywhere without hearing that dreadful music .
and to boot , christmas carols by kenny in feb . the music in the beachside hut was dominican , salsa , merengue etc and it was fun to listen to . , that should have been piped through the sound system . we had stayed at the riu taino down the beach and this princess did not hold a candle to it in any shape or form .
everyone has different tastes and this just did not suit us ; we would not return to a princess 
loved princess bavaro , but it is not for americans just got back yesterday from princess bavaro hotel in punta cana and i can tell you that the hotel is beautiful ! ! ! .
the rooms are big and the hotel its self is clean .
however , there are some thing that especialy americans should know about before picking a resort in punta cana :1. -
the food that bavaro princess served is hardly latin food .
since the mayority of vacationers are from spain , portugal , canadian and argentinian to name a few , most of the food is guided toards them .
now , i am not by any means saying that the food is bad , the food is very well prepared but i did not like most of their food because i am not use to eating european style food .2. -
people that are cleaning your rooms and serving your food are always with a smile on their faces and are always polite to everybody and should always be tiped well .
( these people work twelve hour days , dont get paid over - time and only get paid about $200 usd a month ! ! ! ) .3. -
do not trust anybody outside of the hotel .
as soon as they see the hotel ristband they try and charge you the highest price in the word .
i know that that is what they do but come - on , $22 usd for a raw hamburger with fries ?
this happened to me , the bill that the hamburger place was for 200 dominican pesos and they charged me $22 usd .
the good thing is that i was complaining to one of the vendors about the price of the hamburger when a tourist police passing by heard my conversation , he asked me if i had a problem , and i told him what had happened to me .
he immediately went to the hamburger joint and asked to see my bill ; even the cop was amazed at how much they were charging me . to make this story shorter , i got my money back .
i ended up paying $7 usd .
in conclusion , if you are an american planning on going to the dominican republic , think it twice please .
i am not in any way saying do not go , it is a very beautiful country , most people are nice , but , there is not a lot of places to go like in mexico , where you can take a bus and you are at the shopping mall in 10 min .
in the dom .
rep . , the closest town from any resort is an hour away .
i hope that this is usefull to everybody . in no way do i mean any disrespect to anybody , and if anybody fells disrespected , i apoligize from the bottom of my heart .
may is rainy season , and the hotel is 4* and less i stayed at this hotel in : may , 2005may is rainy season , it rained every day ! !
i should say pouredi traveled to this hotel with : spouse , we booked through mont=royal , .
flew air transat .
flight was fine , exactly on time . we checked in quickly at reception , they were aware we had emailed requesting specific rooms by the beach , as well as king bed .
all was as we requested , plus we had a bed for a child ( which we did not have ) rooms were in building 25 location close to pool , beach , restaurants , but you had to take the little train regardless . take your map or you will get disoriented , the first few days . we did not go vip ; which i would recommend .
the sparkling wine is good , one of there good local products .
we never had a problem getting a reservation for a restaurant , and never waited in lines to do so .
we did not use the water sports , or the internet . overall , the resort was not fabulous .
i only gave it 4 * 's , definelty not a 5 * , it is clean , rooms , washrooms , beach lobby , but . . . . . it is a 4 . the shower lacked pressure but the water was always hot . we were not ill , , we did not use tap water , and we were careful with what ate .
there was a lot of mosquitoes especially at night and me who never gets bit , got some especially on my ankles .
beach - was incredible but , when it was windy , and it rained everydaythe beach is absolutely gorgeous , one of the asset of the trip .
we never had a problem getting a chair or palapa at the beach pool - was very clean but we did not use it activities - entertainment ok but on the lame sidefood - el gaucho - did not go for supperbella pasta , did not gochopin - we ate here twice .
the food was good both nights .
it 's buffet though .
el pescador - the bestsakura - bad ! ! ! hispaniola - saturday night is seafood night . . best food we had at resort .
casino : we went one night around 11 pm and it was crowded , it was a nice change to the entertainment overall , we will not go back to this hotel , nor recommend it , unless what you want is a 4* with a nice beach , and do not care about eh food or the activities ( do not ; go in may or december though ) 
bavaro princess certainly not 5 star we stayed at the bavaro princess from april 14th - 28th 2005.
we were travelling with two other couples who arrived from toronto and stayed from april 16th - 23rd 2005.
after doing months of research on resorts in the carribean / mexico we decided to have our wedding at the bavaro princess , based largely on the reviews and feedback from travel websites such as trip advisor .
after getting to the bavaro princess and running a few kilometres each way on the beach every morning and checking out the other resorts i can say that the bavaro princess certainly looked like the best resort in the near vicinity ( beach cleaned of seaweed every morning , raked weekly ) , but overall we were disappointed with certain aspects of our stay .
from a caribbean perspective this resort may rate 5 stars but from a north american perspective i would rate this resort a between a 2-3 star at best .
this may seem a bit harsh but when you consider the vacation value that the same dollars will buy you in the us or canada , it puts it in perspective .
now on to the review : wedding preparation / wedding daythe overall ceremony was fantastic .
gabriel certainly knows the basics of his job as wedding coordinator , but again certain details were overlooked and not handled very professionally .1.
the day of our wedding was april 22nd , a day that saw rain showers off and on .
hence the location of our wedding was changed from the garden gazebo to the front lobby courtyard .
we went with the magical package , mainly because we wanted the extra photographs included in this package ( which is essentially all we got - - we never received our fruit basket or special wedding keepsake ) .2.
be prepared for delays here - - our ceremony was supposed to be at 5:00 but was delayed to 6:30 because the judge could not be located , which as i will explain later was a bit of a blessing .
earlier in the week my fiancee and i went to the spa to make an two appointments for her hair - - one for a few days before the wedding as a trial , and one for the actual day of the wedding .
we were assured that the person doing her hair a few days before the wedding would be the same one doing her hair on the day of the wedding , but guess what , it was not so basically the trial hairstyle was just a waste of $60 usd .
so on the day of the wedding at the time of her appointment she was greeted by an entirely different stylist than the one she saw earlier in the week .
also our party had three ladies - - and there is only one stylist working .
we had booked appointments from 2:30 onward , thinking that with a 5:00 ceremony that would allow for adequate time .
the women did not leave the stylist until 5:30 because on the lack of staff mentioned above , but because the delay in finding the judge . . . things actually worked out on time ! ! i am not alotgether sure how they would handle a large wedding party in this respect .
3. next , the package included the preparation of the wedding dress and tuxedo/suit .
being a bit niave i made the assumption that given the fact the it looks like the resort has about 10-12 weddings a week they would know how to handle the cleaning and preparation of clothing made from wool and silk ( my suit and tie ) .
but they do not , my new $1000 black wool suit was sprayed and ironed and came back looking like it was 10 years old and had been stored outside in the rain for 8 of those 10 years .
and my red silk tie was again sprayed and ironed ruining the pattern and leaving two large noticeable marks on the front of the tie .
thankfully my fiancees wedding dress came back unscathed .
but a word of advice , have your clothes dry cleaned and stored properly for your trip down , and do any minor touch ups yourself after you arrive , to avoid this happening to you . 4. of our 25 wedding pictures maybe two were in focus , and worthy of enlargement .
( our friends had 3.0 mp digital cameras , and their photos were better than the professional ones ) also be sure to ask specifically for your negatives ( if you want them ) because they seem to want to just give you a cd of your scanned wedding photos .
as my bride was basically walking up the aisle , gabriel cut off her vip bracelet and put it in his pocket , saying , rightfully so , that it would not look good in the photos , and that we could just go to the front desk and get a new one .
we never got this back from him and spent the next two days arguing over where this bracelet went .
apparently ( we were not told ) if you lose or misplace your bracelet the front desk wants $40.00 usd for a new one .
so gabriel and the front desk manager spent the better part of a day arguing about what happened to this bracelet .
we eventually did get one at no charge , but it certainlly grates on you that you have to spend three hours out of your day trying to sort something out that is not your fault , and could be avoided with a bit of pre - planning/communication on the resorts part .
so , the actual ceremony was great , but there were events prior to and after that certainly left you with the feeling that the attention to detail is not a stong suit of this resort . foodat some time during our stay our entire party had gastro problems resulting in diarrhea .
i personally had it for the last 6 days of our stay , and am still sorting it out here at home ( lost 7 pounds in 6 days ) .
so a word to the wise take lots of immodium ( we took the 32 tablet package and had to buy more for the two of us ) and hope for the best .
given this we found the best restaurants to be :1.
the main buffet near the front lobby 2. chopin avoid el pescadaur and el gaucho ( where the steaks are so thin the inlaws will never come back . )
licey was ok but it was inclusive in our vip , i would certainly not pay the $25 usd to go . ( stick to seafood options here - - i ordered the veal chop and while this piece of meat was veal at one time , it certainly was not in this decade : ) ) roomour room was ok , but in terms of maid service do not expect much more than a changing of your towels and sheets daily , whether you tip or not .
as well our service was sparodic , sometimes she came at 10 am other times she was there at 6:00 pm when we got back from the beach .
do not expect your room to be cleaned to a standard that you would find at a 3* hotel in canada/us .
groundsthe grounds were always kept in good condition , with lots of wildlife to look at ( peacocks , iguana , etc ) beachthis was this resorts saving grace , and where we spent most of our time .
the sand was excellent and well cleaned /groomed every morning .
and the water was unbelievable - - we did some snorkelling right off shore every day , and saw lots of parrot fish / angel fish / etc . in the coral .
take a minimum of spf 60 if you plan on laying out in the sun for more that 15 minutes .
the watersports were a good diversion to take up part of the day , but nothing that you would not find at any other resort .
staff / servicethere were certainly a few people that stood out and made the trip enjoyable .
benvinito at the vip concierge did a great job and made a point of looking after you ( any requests given to the other fellow manning the vip concierge - - they alternate days - - were never done ) and carmen at the beach bar did an excellent job of mixing drinks - - although i concluded that most of them were severely watered down .
other than these two people everyone else expected you too tip in return for mediocre service .
we did this for the first 4 or 5 days , but then concluded that we would only tip ( and tip them well ) the people that looked like they actually enjoyed looking after you and made you feel good about being there . so overall the bavaro princess , from our perspective , is a great place to visit if you want spend your day at the beach , but apart from this do not expect much more .
as i mentioned earlier this is certainly the best resort in the area , but given the other options available for vacations , and our experience here i can say that we do not plan on returning any time soon .
was ok just to let everyone know , this resort has lost a star since we stayed there .
the room was beautiful , we could see the ocean from in bed .
the beach was lovely as well .
the food was ok , very repetitive by the end of the week . we had a few problems .
first of all we asked for a king bed and got 2 twins .
we also had paid for a vip package which includes a room upgrade .
the first room we had was so close to the beach .
we asked if we could change as we had requested a king bed .
they gave us another room that was horrible and definitely not an upgraded room .
we decided that we would stick with our original room and informed them of this .
then in the middle of our second night there at 3 am a bell person came in with a family of 4 who assumed they were staying in the room .
obviously the front desk had marked our room vacant in this whole switching/not switching rooms mess .
we were not impressed .
our other problem was once we got back .
i caught a parasite here .
i had been to dominican twice before ( once at a 3* ) and the mayan once and had not been sick at all .
the parasite took over about 6 wks after we got back once my immune system got weak .
i lost 10 pounds in 10 days and was restricted to a diet of gatorade and water .
health canada had to get involved to track where it was i caught this parasite .
do not think we 'll ever go to dominican again : o ( it is definitely worth the extra money to go to mexico .
montezuma 's revenge we spent the first week of march at the bavaro princess - two couples celebrating our 25th wedding anniversaries .
needless to say we were looking forward to a special holiday .
we have travelled to the caribbean on other occasions so were prepared for the language , foods and differences in cultures .
what we were not prepared for was montezumas revenge which all four of us suffered from for most of the week .
this seemed to be a common ailment among many of the resort guests the week we were there .
the rooms were spectacular .
always clean and welcoming .
the beach was by far the best we have encountered - 30 miles of uninterrupted white sand - with warm water .
we never had to head to the beach early in order to get a chair - even after lunch we always found shade at the pool .
however it was a week of modest eating and drinking as we questioned what was causing our health problems .
we only drank the water provided by the resort .
cleaned our teeth with bottled water and did not eat salads or unpeeled fruits .
the resort was beautiful but unfortunately we were ready to leave when the week was over and do not plan to return to the dominican republic .
( especially this resort ) 
great except for the food my husband and i just spent 5 days at the princess and had a great time overall except for the food .
here is a summation : check - in : we had no problems .
we arrived around 3:30 on a tuesday , and did not have to wait in line ( we were vip , otherwise there was a line with about 4 people ) .
the man helping us spoke good english , although the first one did not , he just got the attention of the man that did . room : we loved the room .
we were the second villa from the beach , and although we did not pay for beachfront , we could see the beach some .
we looked a map and requested a room by giving several numbers of villas and ended up getting one of the ones we requested .
we loved how spacious the room was .
a little bar , a sitting area , a desk , a small kitchen table , step - up into the bed , and then a bathroom with seperate room for toilet , shower and bidet .
the deck was great to sit out on and have breakfast , a drink , etc .
we saw a lot of people enjoying theirs as well .
one of the biggest rooms we have ever stayed in .
weather : i know they ca not control the weather , but we were very surprised how windy it was the majority of time we were there .
we met someone who said it is better weather this time of the year on the south side of the island .
because of the wind , we did not even venture into the ocean and spent most of our sun - time at the pool . pool : we spent most of our pool - time lounging by the main pool .
we never had a problem finding a chair .
it was nice that they did not have blaring music .
they did start music and dancing by the pool around 3 or so .
food - overall : we were very disappointed with the food .
this would be the reason we would never return to the princess .
things tended to be left out too long and cold things made warm , hot things made room temperature .
more details follow : breakfast : they do not tell you chopin has breakfast , and it was supposedly less crowded than hispaniola , but we only ate at the latter twice .
the smoothies are good , and you are willing to stand in line , the omolets are good , if a little greasy .
i missed bagels and a good selection of fresh fruit .
again , much of the food was left out too long . . .
the cheese was mushy , etc . lunch : fried hotdogs from macprincess were not good .
the fries there were undercooked and soggy .
they were out of burgers several days , and i think i got a spam sandwich instead of a ham sandwich .
after this we found bella pasta , which became our lunch mainstay .
i waited for them to pull fresh pizza out of the oven , and my husband had pasta .
every day . dinner : licey was excellent service , but the oxen tasted like a quincy 's cheap steak , and the mere ( some type of fish ) was very tough .
the wine here was better than elsewhere .
i would not pay extra for this restaurant .
pescaudor : all the shellfish we encountered at princess was mushy , not much texture , which just felt gross to eat .
the lobster here was no exception .
bella pasta was our favorite , then sakura ( if you like asian ) , then gaucho - decent steaks there . sickness : we met so many people who had gotten sick .
i met a man who was with a group of 24, and he said almost all of them had gotten sick at some point .
i was super careful - brushing my teeth with bottled water , not eating any fruits or vegetables that could have been rinsed in non - purifield water unless they were cooked or peeled , not eating much seafood , and definitely not the more suspect ones ( oysters , squid , etc ) , and i still got sick .
i brought antibiotics with me since the last time i was in mexico i had gotten sick , and saved myself $145 from the dr .
visit that someone i met had to make to get some antibiotics to combat this . people : the staff was great .
that was a true highlight of the trip .
very friendly , extremely hard - working , and very appreciative of any tip .
yes , it 's all - inclusive , but showing appreciation for their hard work with a few bucks here and there does not hurt us , and goes a long way for them . drinks : missed my bacardi and bud light , but enjoyed the frozen drinks .
never had to ask more alcohol !
vip : for us this was worth it for the following reasons .
we got to make all our dinner reservations on the day we got there .
you do get better liquor , but several bartenders would let anyone have it .
it depended on the server .
room service was a big bonus .
especially after some of the dinners that we did not like .
having a room closer to the main pool was also a nice bonus .
we forgot to do our massage , but heard it was great .
email me at cindijunk@yahoo . com for any specific questions .
it was the best of times , it was the worst of times .
my girlfriend and i just returned from our extended vacation where we stayed at the bavaro princess in punta cana .
we were in punta cana from jan .5th - jan .13th , 2005.
i 'll run right through everything and all our experiences while trying to keep it brief .
first , we flew from toronto using skyservice and the trip over went smoothly except of course for the fact our brand new digital camera was stolen from my girlfriend 's backpack during a half hour stopover in the puerto plata airport while the plane was cleaned .
we learned too late to always be on the lookout for sketchy characters who might steal right behind your back .
anyways , we arrived at our resort late at night and found our room was not oceanfront as it said on our itinerary and it had two single beds instead of a king as requested .
at 1am we were moved to our new room with a king bed but the phone didnt work and we did not have working lamps .
eventually during the week our phone was fixed but not the lamps .
room : the room was just as you might expect from the website or pictures on the internet .
it was fairly big though the washroom is pretty small , all the rooms are the same with either a king or two twin beds . lobby : the lobby is massive and provides a great place to go for a drink or hang out because its always busy .
i really liked the lobby because of its sheer enormity and the two ponds and various in and around it really added to the atmosphere . resort design : the resort is massive and it grows tiresome making the long trip from the room to the lobby or the beach .
there are shuttles running constantly but sometimes its just faster to walk than wait for one to come along .
with such a huge resort you really do get the feeling customer service suffers and you become just a number .
the strong point of its design is that it is incredibly lush and green with lots of palm trees and well manicured walkways and grounds .
beach : the beach is amazing and easily the highlight of an otherwise disappointing trip .
even in january where temperatures are the coldest the water was perfect and never too cold for a swim .
the beach got pretty packed on nice days but there were always lots of available beach chairs .
there 's always a bar closeby on the beach to grab a drink and there 's the snack bar and a restaurant close by for food .
you hear the stories of topless sunbathers and they certainly are true , many women walk around topless on the beach or swim topless and this also true for the pools .
my girlfriend and i were not really prepared for this but its not a big deal to us but it might be worth noting for some . pool : i also really liked the pool and it always was busy with lots of people around the pool sunbathing but the actually pool itself was rarely busy .
there 's a nice little swim - up bar too .
food : the first thing that needs to be noted was that we both got food poisoning and this cost us each a day because we were so sick .
i heard from others that this was quite common and i 'm not sure if this had to do with the resort and its preparation methods or just the fact that you 're in the dominican republic and you 're bound to get sick from the food at some point because of the nature of the country .
we figure it was chicken that led to this sickness and we avoided chicken for the rest of the trip .
the food at the buffets did not impress us at all but it should be noted we are somewhat picky .
restaurants : hispaniola is the buffet restaurant at the lobby which serves breakfast from 7-10am , lunch from 1-3 or 4pm , and dinner from 6:30 until 10pm .
you do not need reservations .
like i said the food was disappointing for the both of us .
i ended up having fruit and french toast pretty much everyday for breakfast because i didnt enjoy anything else not that i didnt try .
there really was not much difference between breakfast and lunch in terms of what they served and really they really did not have that much variety .
we went there once for dinner and we did not enjoy a pasta bar where you create a pasta and they make it for you right in front of you .
this brings me to an issue we had .
one night we realized we had not made reservations for dinner anywhere , we called the concierge and we were told we 'd have to eat at the buffet restaurant .
now it 's really not that tough to make reservations but it was disappointing to walk by an a la carte restaurant and see tons of open tables but we could not go in because we had forgot to make reservations .
rules are rules i guess .
bella pasta : we were much happier with this place .
they serve pasta , pizza and other italian entrees .
the food was above average and the service was very good . liceys : we really enjoyed the food here and the service was also very good .
its a very romantic atmosphere and a nice perk for the vip 's .
the only problem i had was that night and the next day i was very ill with what was suspected to be food poisoning . goucho :
the steakhouse was also good .
we both ordered t - bones and though they were very thin they were very tasty .
we ordered ceasar salads for an appetizer and they were easily the worst ceasar salads we had ever had and certainly didnt look as they should but we did not let this bother us .
chopin : this was a huge disappointment .
we had thought it was a la carte because we had to make reservations and then showed up to find it was buffet and not a very good buffet but it was still probably better than hispaniola .
the piano player and singer that come by your table on the boat is very nice though and we had a front row seat . we never made it to el pescador or sakura . macprincess : we often went here for burgers and fries and they were not too bad .
this is the only place open from midnight to 5am which can be a problem for some because it is very far away from many villas and only serves a few things .
this brings me to another point , most resorts always have some place open to eat , one place to count on but at the bavaro princess you must memorize the schedule to know where you can eat and when and there are times when nothing is open anywhere . service :
the reception and front desk staff was for the most part very rude and short and often didnt speak english which was very frustrating .
when you deal with hundreds and hundreds of people everyday its easy to forget to be courteous with the people who spent thousands of dollars to stay there .
i heard this complaint from several people and also watched in person a few times as people checked - in and didnt get what they had requested and the front desk staff could not care less .
however , the restaurant staff , the housekeeping staff , bartenders and most other staff were very polite and eager to please .
we tipped these staff well . internet center : i only mention this because its a bit of a joke .
the person working there understands absolutely no english and my broken spanish did not do the trick .
as a vip you get an hour free per person but you must use this together and all at once .
something that was explained to me afterwards by our sunwing rep .
also the internet was down when we got there , it was very slow and the keyboard had been set up for a spanish user as was the service which created several issues .
nightly shows : these are very humourous though not intentionally .
we didnt expect much so werent disappointed but it was just lip synching and choreographed dancing in costumes .
we had planned to go on a snorkeling trip ( tropical storm ) but it was cancelled because of the weather which was slight rain .
we were never informed it was cancelled , we just sat there for an hour then when our sunwing rep got to the resort we asked him about it and he found out for us that it had been cancelled .
emilio , our sunwing rep , was pretty helpful and got results .
this became clear to us on our final day .
we didnt depart the hotel until 6pm and were told by emilio at the start of the week the resort would give us a courtesy room to shower and change so we could go to the beach for the day .
coming back from the beach we went to get our courtesy room and the front desk staff told us there were no rooms available in the entire resort and we were out of luck .
infuriated , we went to emilio and he complained to the staff that there must be a room as promised and after much spanish discussion suddenly they had magically found us a courtesy room .
as an additional note , on our trip home we sat on the plane ready for take - off only to find there was a serious problem with the plane .
we had to get off the plane and we spent another night in punta cana as they sent a lear jet to get a part for our broken skyservice 757.
this might actually be the high point of the trip because for this one night we were all put up at the bahia principe and we loved it there .
though not nearly as lush as the bavaro the room we had was much more nice , far fewer bugs !
the lobby and pool were beautiful and they have an amazing enclosed market square with shops , a casino , a disco and a snack bar .
the prices at these shops were far more reasonable than the gift shop at the bavaro .
we would never go back to the bavaro princess but would definitely spend a week at the bahia . we never made it to the casino at the bavaro and this was a bit of a disappointment because it is supposed to be nice .
the market across the street is crazy !
vendors are so pushy and this really made us want to leave so we did .
the prices are ridiculous though you can negotiate them down but we grew tired of this act quickly .
$42 for some magnets and a cheap necklace suddenly became $26. this review is far longer than i wanted but the bottom line is even with all the disappointments we still enjoyed ourselves because we chose to make the best out of it , and the beautiful weather did not hurt either .
not very good service i just returned from a week holiday at the bavaro princess and was extrememly disappointed in the hotel and quality of service .
my girlfriend and i were in punta cana for two weeks .
one week at a 4* and then transferred to the bavaro princess a supposed 5* hotel .
upon arrival we checked into our hotel room where we had requested a king sized bed . . . there were two single beds in the room .
upon requesting this be fixed they simply put a king sized sheet on the bed and pushed them together .
strike one .
next we decide that we needed to grab a shower before heading out to the resaurant and we recieved only cold water and each day had to request that this be fixed .
finally three days later of cold showers we had hot water but very little water pressure .
strike two .
finally and perhaps what lacked most at this hotel was client service .
the staff at the restaurants and bars were at most average however we found that the staff was not friendly , the service was slow and that the food while good was usually luke warm to cold .
strike three .
i will never recommend a princess hotel to any friends or family nor will i stay at one again .
i have had better service at 3* hotels and would recommend that you look elsewhere if you are looking for quality and high class service .
service is variable we just returned from 7 days at the bavaro princess .
the beach is beautiful .
the food is fair at best and there is very little variety .
we had a good meal at sakura .
there are not many of the staff who speak english , ; fortunately , i was able to speak spanish .
the service is very slow and disorganized .
the people are very nice , just not very helpful .
there were no organized activities for teens and no place that they could all gather to meet each other .
the disco is in the casino , so they ca not even go there to dance unless they are 18 years old .
we did meet other nice families , which made the vacation very pleasant .
for dissappoint then pleasure punta cana was my first time in the caribbean and it wasnt quite what i thought it would be .
i was very excited after looking at pictures and dreaming or paradise but come to find out that it not wat i had met in punta cana .
when we firsted arrived in punta canas little airport there were 2 women taking pictures with everyone who stepped off the plane .
they had no expression to their face and u could tell they have had this horrible job for awhile .
when i recieved my picture they looked more then bored to death .
getting on the bus and going through the airport wasnt so bad even tho no one around spoke english . . . driving on the bus to the resort was rather sad , but definately educational .
you realize how lucky you have it because the local people of punta cana are very poor and most do not have electricity or running water .
so driving through that part of the country was very upsetting .
locals just stare at the buses going buy knowing how lucky the people on the inside have it . . . its a little akward because you are in their territory now .
arriving to the hotel was amazing .
it was a beautiful place but the room was such a far walk from the beach but not far from t he dining areas .
catching the cart to get from here to there was a little annoying and hard to catch late at night on the way home from the bar ( yes , the drinking age it 18! ! . . but i dont think it matters their . . . may 14 yr old brother was gettin served . )
not many americans around their . . . .mostly europeans . . . .but that was also another great experience in iteself . . . .meeting to many people from different cultures and different parts of the world . . . .most knew english pretty well .
the beach was beautiful . . . . . defy try out the banana boat ( although our driver attempted to tip us over on numerous occasions ) , but if u have younger children and are protective . . . shield there eyes because many women walk around topless . . . . . euorpean culture i guess !
cuz i know that doesnt happen on beaches in america . . . .but give it a try its quite refrehsing ; ) the food was so - so i expected better although the fancy restuarant . . . i forget the name right now . . . .was fabulous . . . only resturant out of the whole resort i was impressed with .
make reservation !
check out the nightly entertainment in the concert/bar part of the hotel lobby ! ! ! always a good time and 2 great bars on each side . . . .if your younger and want more of a club atmosphere . . . go to the disco as it is called . . . .usually started at 1am til 3 am . . . .lots of younger ppl . . . .18-30 dance music lil bar tables all around . . . .very chill .
watch out for the creepy little lizards and wear sunblack .
also . . . .be aware if there is a medical emergency help arrives very slowly . . . . . my mom cracked her head open on the resort in the hotel room and it took a doc 40 mins to get there then she had to be rushed to the local hospital where no one spoke english ! . . . . .although my vacation was enjoyable for that time b4 that accident i just want everyone to be aware . . . .medical attention arrives slowly . . . . . .but all in all . . . .punta canta is a grea place . . . good night life . . . .very educational experience ! !
disappointed and upset my two friends and i were looking forward to a wonderful , relaxing vacation .
unfortunately , this vacation became a horror right at the point of check - in .
it started with the clerk promising us a better room if we were willing to take care of him .
we each paid an extra $20 dollars .
he also asked if we smoked and , of course , he was not talking about cigarettes at which point we declined .
our room had a strong stench of mildew/mold but if that was not bad enough , we were three women in a room that had two twin sized beds and an infestation of roaches .
we are not talking about one , but more like we were not able to move anything without one scurrying about .
according to the maid the room had at some point flooded and after airing it out and realizing that the humidity attracted a large number of insects , they decided to exterminate the room .
that was the upgrade we received .
when we complained to the clerk at the front desk , he seemed more concerned on providing us with pot than he was about our comfort .
to make matters worse , we arranged for a tour of the city the following morning and contacted the front desk the night before about having us picked up at 6:15am via trolley to the main bldg .
wherein we would meet the tour bus for departure at 7am .
unfortunately , we missed the tour because we were never picked up ( after calling 4 times ) .
it appears that the staff do not start their shift until 7am .
you would figure upon calling the front desk numerous times , someone at the front desk would inform us .
it took 1-1/2 days and a lot of talking to get our rooms changed to acceptable status and even longer to get them to listen to the reason of why we missed the tour .
the natives themselves are very humble but there are those like christian , the front desk check - in clerk , who can smell a tourist and try to take advantage .
the food is pretty bad .
their idea of meat is lunch meats in addition to everything being fried - to the point of oily .
the drinks were good and the bartenders ( secundido and francisco ) were great .
the beach is beautiful ( crystal clear and blue ) .
personally , it was not worth it .
i regret putting my money into this vacation .
if you want a beautiful beach then go there , if you want more than that , please go elsewhere and thank me later .
save your money and go to hawaii !
i just got back from staying at the bavaro princess from april 3-10.
the beach and the grounds were really really nice but here were my problems .
all the food was really poorly made .
we ate at almost every restaurant and every day i was left feeling sick .
by the middle of the week i was disgusted with the food and with an all inclusive you should really be able to enjoy it .
also , there were tons of flies and bugs all over the food .
our room was okay looking but the floors were permanently damp and grungy i guess from the weather but they really need to do something about that .
if you go i suggest you bring some extra money to get laundry done because my clothes started to smell from the hotel room .
the smell travelled with me to my house , when i opened my suitcase my whole family complained that it stank ( i washed my clothes twice and it would not go away ) .
i am a very clean person so this fact really disturbed me .
the language barrier is also really really bad .
there wasnt one person who could speak understandable english , or understand what we were saying .
there were many misunderstandings especially when our room was not ready for 2 hours after check in and when our wake up call never came .
also most of the people in that country are out to rip you off .
especially the 2 stores in the resort , $20 american for a little candle is what the lady wanted .
to get anything at a descent price we had to travel into the market and do a lot of bargaining .
although there were many nice and honest bartenders and geat maids there were so many times when i would ask how many american dollars were so many pesos and they would make up a lot more than that was worth .
to sum it all up the beach and the grounds were beautiful but everything else was average or poor .
bring your immodium ! ! ! ! ! our ( my husband and me ) vacation at the bavaro princess in march 2003 got off to a terrible start at check in .
we thought we had paid for a vip room , when we had in fact paid for a vip package .
the difference ?
all the rooms are the same and you have no say in where you are placed .
the package included a 1/2 hr massage , small bottle of rum , remote control for the tv , 2 cigars , supposedly easier dinner reservation making .
all in all , not worth the $400us we paid .
we had to ask for our vip status at check in , and due to the language barrier , they could not explain what vip meant .
the man sent us off to find our room with incorrect directions - and this resort is huge !
they use golf carts and 'bus stops ' to get people around .
this did not bother us once we learned our way around because we love to walk , but after walking around for an hour trying to find our room we were very frustrated .
once we got to our room the key did not open it ! ! ! !
so we had to find our way back for a correct key !
we were so hot , tired and frustrated we wanted to go home .
bring immodium if you do go ! ! ! !
you will definately need it .
we needed it for 2 weeks after returning ! ! also the resort is 90+% european and they were not very friendlly toward us .
we were 'booed ' on stage at the show one night ! !
the canadians were awesome and very friendly toward us but we felt very alone .
we were charged for a bottle of wine we ordered at their most elegant resturant , but we did not mind .
the food at this resturant - licey - was awesome but you could only eat there once during a week stay , and they expected a tip here .
we would not go back for these reasons - - to many other resorts out there to try .
i will make sure we get a proper reception next time .
it 's so important and sets the tone for your entire stay .
we did meet great people , all from canada , who 'took us under their wing ' and were very nice to us .
we 've been to jamaica 3 times with 'no problem ' so that 's where we 'll go back in 2004.
we loved couples ochos rios and swept away .
go to one of these ! ! ! !
reality speaks louder than words ! ! ! returned after a 2 week stay at bavaro princess on january 17.
had my doubts about the resort prior to going because of all the negative reviews , but decided to take a chance .
let 's say that 95% of negative reviews you read are true !
beautiful landscaping , beach and pool area .
the rooms are o . k . , but look better on photos .
our cupboards were falling apart and some guests did not have any hot water .
we were lucky with that i guess .
the check - in will be a hassle and that 's a guarantee , do not expect the room to be ready , even at 3:30 pm , it wo not be , not even for the vip guests !
you will also not get the room you request , does not matter how much in advance notice you give them .
be prepared to hassle for your requested room .
the resort is a bit too large and you do waste a lot of time on transportation .
but the main problem there is the food !
same food everyday , nothing really different , it 's either way too salty or too oily , since they fry everything in oil - even your bacon .
a la carte restaurants serve pretty much the same food you get in the buffet , it 's just in a different format .
you do need immodium , due to problems you may experience due to the ingestion of that food .
would not go there again ! ! !
they have a nice beach .
unfortunately , that 's about the only good thing i have to say about it .
my wife and i stayed at the bavaro princess for 5 nights in late sept , 2003.
when we arrived we had no hot water in our room and our 'vip ' package extras did not arrive until late the second day .
the water situation got worse the second day when our shower stopped working completely .
after much complaining and 2 days with no shower at all , we were finally moved into a nice ocean view room with a working shower .
the upgrade was nice but did not make up for having to constantly complain about the shower for 3 days .
i ca not remember how many times we heard 'it will be fixed before you get back '.
i certainly did not feel like a vip .
to top it all off , we missed our much anticipated snorkeling trip because our 6:30 am wake up call never came .
this was a huge dissapointment .
after all , how often do you get to the caribbean ?
getting a refund proved about as easy as getting the shower fixed .
the result of all of this was that we wasted the better part of three precious days getting nowhere with our seemingly simple problems .
the incompetence exhibited hotel management was maddening .
it really took the luster off what could have been a great trip .
we arrived back home feeling like we needed another vacation .
the food was average .
the spa was average .
the entertainment was lousy .
i will never forget those little clowns rendition of 'old mcdonald '.
ee - i - ee - i - o baby ! !
the beach was great !
i think the best ammenity in the entire place was the hamburger stand at the beach .
my recommendation to you . . . if your going to stay here reserve an ocean view room , bring your travel alarm and a thick skin .
if you 're lucky enough to have a problem free stay , i think you 'll enjoy it .
if not , be prepared to make the best of it .
at least the booze is free .
do not go if you can only speak english i would just like to share this with anyone interested in visiting the bavaro princess resort .
please read everyone 's reviews as you will probably see similarities in the problems .
my fiance and i just returned a few days ago from this resort from only visiting for a week .
we came back even more stressed and un - relaxed , as we were among arrival .
the country itself is amazing and the grounds of the hotel are nice enough .
problems , there were many but all in all i say it is definately not worth the price we paid .
we arrived at 11:00 in the morning and were not allowed our room until 3 in the afternoon which is fair enough because of the housekeeping .
so walking around the resort was a bit of a pain since it was so big .
we had to follow a map to get anywhere and they did not tell us about the trolleys going around , so after about a day or two of walking everywhere , and getting fed up we finally asked about the trolleys and discovered they were free to ride and it stops at every bus stop .
on the first day i had lost my watch on the pool side , which in all fairness was my own mistake , but trying to find a lost and found was ridiculous .
the front desk sent us to public relations ( who was on the phone and not impressed in helping us what - so - ever ) then she sent us to the bell boys who sent us to public relations again who sent us to the front desk .
too much of a hassle . .
we were doing the running around in all cases .
the smoke detector was above our fan so our safety was not important to them at all .
if there was a fire , we would not have known any better .
the licey restaurant looks nice , but there is a charge .
what they do not tell you prior to vacationing is that you must wear long pants and a collared shirt hence why we did not visit this restaurant . . mac princess did not have any snacks at all .
just drinks . .
the hispaniola was the only restaurant we ate in which had great food and gread variety .
the breakfast was not impressive there , the lunch was ok , but too much hot food for the afternoon , and they do al .
dinner was amazing , food selection was great , the waiter/waitress never let your drink empty , they were refilling continuously .
the beach was great , a lot of beach beds so never a problem with that .
the room service was excellent , sometimes they came early and then in the late afternoon .
the air conditioner was awesome .
the bell boy service on the day of leaving was awful we called for our bags to be picked up and they did not show up for 1/2 an hour so we trucked them back ourselves . . .
the room service was very nicely presented , and nicely served but the food was not that good .
our mini fridge was not restocked at all , so we had to buy our own drinks at the nearby store to bring back to the room .
you could not bring them from the bars since the glasses were so small and the bars were quite far from the room that you would 've drinken them on the way back to the room anyways .
entertainment was only spoken in spanish and french and the occasional word was in english but since they speak so quickly it 's hard to understand what they are saying anyways .
the day entertainment was unknown .
the only thing we saw was water aerobics which unfortunately is not a preference of my boyfriend and myself .
some of the staff tried quite hard to understand you , but the other 3/4 of the staff could care less .
my boyfriend and i did get sick 2 out of the 7 days there , i do not know what from though .
the market outside of the hotel was an experience all on it 's own .
they spoke better english than anyone in the actual hotel .
the people are very nice when they first meet you , but if you do not want to buy then you are considered or even called cheap or stiff *** or so i was called , being 19 years of age , this is not appreciated and if you have children with you i suggest you watch out .
the prices asked in the hotel are ridiculous , go to the market which is a 3 minute walk and they will offer it to you for the same price but you can get them down 50-70% of what they are asking .
i have long hair . . at the hotel it 15 u . s . the pool was not cleaned at all throughout the stay , so after 4 days we could not go in anymore . . . bring a first aid travel kit if you can . . . lots of little problems on it 's own but it 's good to have .
bring things to do like games/cards/books etc cuz you may get bored . . just be prepared .
talk to your travel agent . .
if you are going by signature be careful .
our rep was very nice but she did not show up one day that she said she was going to be there and the next day she was 20 minutes late .
considering she was only there twice our whole trip , we lucked out on the day trips .
manati park is supposed to be a huge tourist location , so if going please be careful . . .
you can walk around the park in an hour and they do not take care of the animals there .
please pay attention to these things , these are few if you would like more information or any questions answered please do not hesitate to email me my address again in thyme18@hotmail . com .
enjoy ! !
certainly not 5* we went there last year - it was ok , the beach was beautiful .
unfortunately , i agree with the negative reviews - while we were lucky not to be charged for things we did not use , and nothing was stolen from us , the rooms were horrible - mildew smell , disappearing towels , sewage problems , etc .
i hated the food - everything was so greasy , even pastas were soaked in oil .
entertainment is weak ( the disco was closed for some reason ) .
there was a constant sewage leak by the pool , and nobody was really doing anything about it .
go to punta cana , but to a different resort - for this price , i am sure you will be able to find an alternative .
not a 5 star hotel !
do not drink the water and watch what you eat !
long lines , not user friendly .
grounds were beautiful .
staff indicated they did not speak much english but by the end of our stay i suspected that 's how they got away with the poor service .
my husband and i would not recommend this place to anyone .
we had a vip package that really did not include anything that was special .
we could not get reservations ( after standing in line for over an hr ) to any of the restaurants .
we had to eat at the buffet .
the food was very disappointing .
several in our group were very sick .
we were told several time no beef three days ?
we did not know what was going on until it was almost time to leave .
i believe most of this was because of a so called language barrier .
it took us two nights to get extra pillows .
no irons in the rooms .
our neighbor finally received an iron , ironed one outfit .
they went to eat .
when they came back the iron was gone .
there were no hooks to hook your wet things .
the airconditioner was loud and my husband complained of an unpleasant smell .
our room was clean .
sheets and towels were clean .
we received new towels every day .
we had no remote and the tv was all snow .
there was no coffee pot in the room and no ice to be found anywhere .
it was very hard to get cold things to drink without having frozen bar drinks .
i tried several times to call home and could not .
we did not leave the resort .
i was able to call home only at the airport before we left .
not sure why it was so hard in the hotel and easy at the airport .
my husband and i enjoyed the weather and the beaches .
it snowed in ct while we were gone .
i was surprised this was considered a 5 star resort .
i am planning another trip to the islands with a girlfriend and i will be very careful selecting another 5 star hotel .
the dominican republics resort of the good , the bad and the ugly bavaro princess the dominican republics resort of the good , the bad and the ugly first off , i have reviewed all the comments on the site , and of course vacationed at the bavaro princess .
and , yes , we have stayed in puerto plata as well .
so i feel i qualify to add to the comments here . i , including my wife and friends have travelled to many places on vacation and this is the first time that i felt compelled to write about a place that needs these types of reviews .
as for the others who have written , i am tempted to comment on all of them , just for the sake of clarification .
however , the nice part about this is that everyone is entitled to their opinions , so here is mine .
incidentally , in all of the reviews , no one was 100% satisfied .
would we go back ?
would we recommend it ?
read on .
the check in was extremely slow .
for about 60 people there was 3 staff .
one was working , the other was lost walking around behind the counter , the third was talking on the phone and would use any excuse to answer it to avoid finishing the check in of the visitor .
as for check out , be prepared to be charged for things you did not use .
you had to argue very hard to get the charges removed .
the grounds spectacular very beautiful , nicely laid out .
the rooms the fun starts here .
room lay out very nice .
air conditioning seemed to make more noise than the jet engines on our plane .
rooms were musty , regardless as to how high you ran the system .
no comfort zone , you either freeze to get out the humidity or you suffered with the mustiness at a lower setting .
thats not all caused by climate .
we had no hot water for 3 days , after numerous complaints to the front desk .
water pressure was low , i have seen worse .
we woke to a choking smell of sewer , where upon we slept outside on the chairs in bed sheets .
staff told us that at 4:00 am in the morning what do expect us to do for you at this time of the morning ?
they sent a service person that had to hold his nose while checking out the room .
only after he called them an hour later did they offer to move us .
the next night at 6:00 pm they moved us .
and , only because we were on the v . i . p package .
do not waste your money on this one .
we had our room key , used to keep the air on taken almost everyday by the staff .
when approached they denied taking the key .
it suddenly appeared from one when i insisted she remain until security arrived .
we had a theft from our room of our phone card , someone took the numbered code and either sold it or used it on a cell phone ( someone in the area ) so we were able to find out .
for the rest of the week we felt violated .
there was evidence of the staff going through our personal belongings .
i left things in a certain ways only to find upon my return that they had been disturbed and searched through .
we were always requesting towels to shower or wash with .
they would take them when cleaning and not return them .
as for bugs and lizards we were lucky , only a few biting insects , my wifes legs have numerous bites take spray with you .
however , if you were one of the unfortunate ones with a room with mould , this is the place .
in these rooms the mould was everywhere , it was ugly , and it was bad .
we spoke to 3 different people , we were lucky .
the resort did nothing about it no matter how you complained . the food , for the most part buffet was buffet ; it was not the greatest compared to other places we have stayed at .
meat selection was scary , especially since everything was grilled except at the gaucho restaurant .
choice appeared extensive but as you looked closer it was limited .
we are not fussy eaters and accept the local food openly , i ate pasta for 3 nights until our reservations kicked in .
as for the chopin , the entertainment on the water was great , the beef ( well put it this way , my sandal could have been more tender ) .
the cook smiled as he attempted to cut a piece for us with his sharp knife , you should of been there to see me attempt cutting it with my table knife .
we found the other restaurants on the plus side for the food , when dining out at night .
) . the staff was very friendly and helpful , except for the front desk and especially the girl from hell who booked your restaurants at night .
the animation staff were great , marqurita especially .
as for you cheap people out there tipping is expected .
take a look around you on the way to the hotel and you will see the conditions these people go home to .
try living on 350 pesos a month . as for the manager , jonas r . de widt , you could tell by his mannerism that he was shell shocked from all the complaints .
i am still in communication with him regarding our theft .
if you wish to give them a copy of your passport they will give all the help you wish . . . i ask you ! do you feel comfortable giving them your passport to copy . . . no me .
when i asked him to accept their own country 's visitors card of which we pay for , he was unable to give me an answer as to its acceptance for the resort . . . scary is not it .
in summary you cannot beat the beaches in punta cana ; you can however do better than the bavaro princess resort as this is definitely not a 5 star resort .
we have and will always go with the flow when we travel , however keep in mind when we do pay for a service we are only asking we get what we pay for , in the bavaro princess 's case we came up short .
lovely setting , lovely grounds .
arrived thurs .
nov . 6th , impressed by position , grounds , pools , rooms ok after we changed for king size bed instead of 2 double beds . my wife spent sat . in room all day due to stomach bug and sickness , then doctor sent her to hospital where she stayed for 3 nights on drip suffering from acute intestinal infection . had fault with toilet it would not flush and requested on numerous occasions for it to be fixed - never was had to fill up waste paper bin with water to flush down toilet .
roach motel we choose the melia tropical a 4 star resort .
the resort grounds were beatifully manicured , it was a host to may different types of wild life .
there were flamingos , peacocks , and white egrets all over the property .
the food and service was very good , the themed restuarants japanese and mediterranean were the best .
the resort staff were very friendly .
i was a little irritated at the guys that stop you through out the resort no matter where you are to try to sell you time share .
it got better , by the 4 day there they left you alone .
i almost wish there was not going to be a  but but there is .
this would be a perfect vacation in paradise if you liked sharing your room with roaches yes roaches ( cockaroachus disgusstus ) .
not the 1/4 ones the 2 giant ones that run fast and fly omg ! ! .
after a long flight you want your first night to be relaxing .
unfortunately it was the first night that my wife discovered roaches were in the room .
i killed them but did not sleep much that night worring about my 1 year old son .
we changed our room first thing the next morning the resort staff were more than happy to accomodate .
they told us it was probably because we were close to the beach .
not only will we not return to this resort we will not be traveling to dom .
rep . ever again .
its one thing to see roaches on the property but in the rooms is unacceptable .
at least by my standards .
dont eat anything ! ! ! ! !
we stayed at the hotel from the 9 oct to the 23 oct , there were 13 of us in total as we travelled out to the dominican for our wedding . i would like to start by saying the hotel is amazing ! ! ! ! very well kept and the staff were so friendly and helpfull ! ! our wedding day was amazing and all our guests loved it apart from one little problem ! ! ! food poisoning ! ! ! !on the 2nd day at the hotel we tried to book an a la carte for all our party but the a la cartes at the top of our list were all shut for restoration we were slightly upset by this as we were not informed by the travel agent or when we checked in at reception ! !
we managed to get boked in at the japanese which was fantastic and also booked at the american grill .
this is where things started to go downhill ! ! !
one by one everyone in my party started with severe stomach cramps which turned in to upset stomachs and vomiting !
i wont go into detail but if you end up the same there is no way you will be leaving the hotel room ! ! ! when a few of us were finally well enough to leave the room we started to talk to other guests who informed us that the a la cartes were not shut for restoration but were in fact closed for deap cleaning after giving other guests food poisoning ! ! !
it really is a shame as the hotel is superb but something as important as this realy ruins your holiday ! ! especially your wedding day ! ! ! i wont comment on anything else as i dont see there is a point unless you plan on not eating for 2 weeks ! ! ! !
they better take a star of the wall . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .not 5 stars at all ! ! ! !
we stayed at the melia for a week with a all inlusive package . here
below some feedback about this hotelresort to big so no personel service and loosing time traveling from one side to the other .
eg , room restaurants or lobbyno room service available . nome service staff with atitude , the are not anticipating problems or helping to solve the guest problem . beach area looks very poor , old beach chairs . in the morning the beach does not look clean and organized . no
beverage service at the beach . old bathrooms , poor room maintanance , dirty fiters , broken sliding door to terrace , ventalation fan noisy and broken . poor
room amenities2 $ safe fee a daylack of courtesy of time share staff , this give a bad impresion specialy at the breakfast buffet the stand 6 of the in front of the egg station and as a guest you do not have given any priortybuffets and food quality is good for the volume done but pastry quality and variaty is poor . overall a reasonable 4 star complex but never a 5 star as advertized . no
value for money , must be much better resorts for the same money 
better choices had read many reviews some good some bad but it fit our budget .
check in was a night mare .
we booked rs they say very quick , took well over an hour . the help was not overly friendly and seemed bothered they had to work . the resort grounds are beautiful and very well kept . nice beach , pool area in rs was very nice . our room in rs was great , very comfortable bed , great tvs , nice bath and lovley porch . the butler service is a joke .
we never saw him once we were brought to our room . we spent most of our days at the pool .
the service in general was poor . i must say the service at the gabbie was always great they really seemed to care and go out of there way but that was the only place we received good service . the pool snack bar had the best food of all .
great chicken , good pizza and ice cream .
we were a group of 11 and 5 of us got sick from the food at different times during the week . the quality of food at all the restaurants we ate at was 3 on a scale of 10.
hardly worth the money and very dissapointing . all in all i would never recommend this resort to anybody there are far better choices in the dr . seems as thought the airport is having growing pains . that was also a joke , way to many people for them to handel .
nice resort !
however prror service and hopitality we just returned back on monday 7-21-08 from the melia caribe in punta cana .
we were there for a wedding the resort proerty was beautiful as well as the wedding .
however their is serious issues with the quality , cleanliness , lack of towels and wash clothesin the rooms .
we had to switch our room due to this issue and the second room was cleaner however it lacked againg enough towels for four people , wash clothes , bed linens and pillows .
this is not a true all inclusive .
it you wanted to selct a bottle of wine or ask for a diffent drink at he restaurants or the casino the would chrge you or try to charge you for a premium drink in the casino .
this is by kniw means an all inclusive .
i have traveled mant times in the recent years and this is the first time that i was frustated and totallu unsatisfied in the beginning our our trip .
it took nme a while to just cave in and quit and take it for what it was .
the ac in the room was lousy .
i will not return to this hotel .
as far as punta cana is concerned i would definately return as my first experience on the island was awesome we stayed at secrets now excelleence .
a let down we stayed with a large group of people at the melia caribe in punta cana .
at first glance , the resort itself is beautiful .
the grounds are well kept and the pool is exciting and fun .
the lobby is pretty with ample tropical flowers . then , almost instanly we ran into problems .
check in took us an entire hour .
( there were only two people ahead of us ! )
the language barrier was by far the worst i have ever experienced .
on other vacations , even when the national language is not english , we have felt a sense of a mutual concern and attempts to understand each other .
well , not here ! everything seems like a problem .
after finally checking in , we were taken to our room via golf cart . .
the room was unimpressive .
bare walls uncomfortable pillows .
although it seemed to be clean to me , others in ourparty complained of ants and hair found in thier room .
through out the stay i felt like the room was a bit dreary and was not overly enthused to spend a lot of time in it . one extremely important thing to consider when staying at this resort is the size of it .
it is huge ! ! !
you need to be driven by either a golf cart of a train ( which does not go to your room but follows a mapped out route . )
i got lost going home the first night after the bar and it took nearly two hours to get to my room .
every single building is identical and i was confused right up until our fifth day .
the golf carts are not as easily accessible as they are made out to be .
in fact , i usually reached my point of destination before even spotting one .
also , i usually tipped the driver between 3 to 5 dollars each time they gave me a lift and only once or twice was thanked .
i do not mind walking on a vacation but when you just want to go to get a bite to eat ( since there is no room service ) you do not feel much like walking 20 minutes or so in the heat .
the food was ok .
not terrible but not great .
the french restaurant was my favorite but some people in our party said that the japanese restaurant was fantastic .
you must make reservations to be seated at least 24 hours in advance and the host or hostess will almost always have a problem finding your name .
we had a problem being seated one night and we could clearly see in the door that there were about 10 open tables .
frustrated , we left because they were not at all willing to solve the problem .
in fact , they just stopped talking to us all together .
i have to mention that we had been extremely polite throughout our trip .
perhaps if we we more of a forthright type of people we would have received more help .
also , i have to add unfortunately that i became sick the day before we left with sever stomach cramps and loose bowels .
my husband did as well as around 5 other members of our party .
i did not drink the water but did drink some ice .
i have a feeling however it was the buffet food . the bars were somewhat fun .
i had a good time watching the karaoke and dancing in the fun bar .
the only beer is el presidente which is not bad .
the liquor is on the cheaper side which i am not a fan of .
also , the music is usually in spanish which is fun for a time but them gets redudant to those of us who do not speak spanish . overall , i would not advise people to stay at the melia caribe .
i have been to close to 20 islands in the caribbean and hawaii and this was by far the worst .
some people in our party were having their first island experience and were axtremely turned off and disappointed .
royal service , royal waste my husband and i just returned from the melia caribe .
we stayed from june 27 to july 4. we opted for the royal service because it sounded fantastic , what a waste of money .
first , the grounds were beautiful and the food was good .
i researched the property for six months before our vacation so i knew what to expect .
this resort is very family oriented .
during our stay there were many obnoxious children in the royal service pool area .
there were also many large groups of families .
i would not recommend the resort for couples .
the royal service did not have any pluses at all .
our room was mediocre .
it was very outdated .
we had three bugs in our room .
anytime we went to the vip area to ask questions the help was so busy talking to each other they did not seem like they wanted to be bothered .
we called the evening before our flight back to ohio to arrange to have our luggage picked up but they told us to call in the morning .
we called in the morning and they were not open yet .
golf transportation can only be arranged every hour .
my husband had to walk back from the golf course with his clubs because royal service does not pick you up .
we did not see any plus in royal service .
we usually stay at iberostar lindo or the grand and this place could not compare .
it was a waiste of money .
i would recommend this place only to families because they did have a nice children 's area .
this is not a quiet or romantic resort .
if you are going on your first all inclusive you will most likely enjoy the resort but if you have been to an iberostar property in the mayan riviera do not bother with this property .
