professionalism has left the building very good location .
i would like to acknowledge phillip the bellman who was such a helpful individual , very professional and accurate .
however i cannot say the same about the front desk employees , who could care less about this review .
management is another joke .
i had such trouble with the internet in my room .
i had asked for assistance , eventually i had to speak to the gm privately .
my encounter with the gm seemed to have no effect on my slow/not working internet .
i noticed that his eyes were very glassy and nostrils wide opened .
his vocabulary was terrible and he showed me no class .
i was very disgusted when one late morning i was exiting the building and as i was exiting the building the door to the front office was opened and i heard the gm tell another employee that i was another stupid guest who was complaining about the internet and how he did not care if i had important emails that i had to attend .
i walked away after i heard that , very dissappointed .
stay away if your on a business trip .
sister hotels are nothing like this hotel , so try to stay at the library if you are around midtown manhattan .
look elsewhere - rated too high !
i really do not understand the high praise of this hotel . i stayed at sofitel and casablanca for 3 nights each .
the sofitel is incredible .
casablanca is dreadful .
they were the same rate but the sofitel was sold out and i believed the positive feedback on this site .
this was our honeymoon .
sofitel gave us an upgrade and champagne , casablance did nothing - not even an acknowledgement .
even though , when i called to book the room , the manager said that we would be upgraded . run down , musty smelling , staff clueless , poor service . asked for a room away from the street , due to massive construction .
got upstairs and room was facing the street .
called the desk and someone brought a key for another room .
instead of helping , he took the only elevator , so we had to wait for it to come back up .
went to room 308, had a view of razor wire and paint buckets .
i turned off the a/c and the loud sound did not go away .
outside , were huge a/c units from other buildings . we could not even use one of the rare electrical outlets , it was so worn that the cord would fall out .
the tv , lamps , bed , ceiling fan , a/c were so outdated , we were disgusted and longed for the sofitel . bathroom had small pedestal sink and toilet was positioned so that you could not even sit on it without puting your legs to the side .
the water pressure and temperature in the shower was inconsistent . the internet did not work in the room , neither the wireless , nor the ethernet cable that was in the room .
instead of the staff resolving the problem , they gave us a phone number and said we would not be charged for the called .
upon checkout , they tried to charge us for the call .
we had to ask for the manager to remove the charge .
the internet never did work , so we had to go to the common room where breakfast was served to use the internet . the food was mediocre and the breakfast staff had loud , annoying conversations instead of clearing tables .
breakfast was essentially ordinary pastries and cereal .
there were cheese and crackers and generic wines in the evening . i asked the front desk for a pizza place near by .
the next day we happened to walk by it - he had given us wrong directions even though it was only 1 block away . location was too close to the crowds of times square , very disappointed with this hotel and it took the fun out of our trip .
really becoming very skeptical of the feedback on this site .
casaboring/ dirty we stayed at the casablanca for a week , during which we were married .
from our experience , that 's all we can give .
we were in contact with the manager for a long time , who assured us that they would help arrange transport from jfk to the hotel , it did not happen , despite a call before we left home .
never mind , but it was our wedding/honeymoon .
i think that 's just wrong .
any apology ?
no . anyway , its easy enough to get a cab .
we arrive at the casablancla and are warmly met .
the staff are great , when you are there .
we were shown to our room .
it was big enough , but nothing like what you 'd expect from a suite in nyc , at $ 400/night .
a light did not work , but that was sorted eventually .
it definitely was not immaculately clean , that 's a fact !
it also was very noisy !
there is major building going on just across the street , and that was loud , as was the constant traffic noise . the hotel gave us the perfect venue to be married , and we were , and that , and the friendly staff , for us , is its only redeeming feature .
and for that , we are grateful , but we paid for that , remember .
on our wedding day , at least three people , two from europe and one from usa , tried to buy champagne to send to us , only to be told there 's already a few bottles on order .
did we see any of them ?
no , we did not .
overall , the casablanca was full of , if you excuse me , of elderly peole , happy to be around times sq . the 'free ' food , you get also elswhere for cheaper . the casablanca , massively overpriced , and over - rated .
we never actually stayed there after the rave reviews on this site , i booked a long weekend at the casablanca for a girlfriend and myself , fully expecting free upgrades and all the amenitites mentioned for $269/nighti did not read the fine print , my fault , but the room we were offered was tiny with only one double bed .
( i did not know this was an option .
i have never stayed in a hotel where the standard was one double bed . )
this would not work for us , so my friend got on the phone and booked three nights at the marriott marquis on times square for $208 per night ( a government rate ) , available immediately .
with our wheeled luggage , we rolled down two blocks to a wonderful room with two queen beds with a partial view of times square .
we were in jeopardy of paying for the first night at the casablanca , but either they rented the room or let us out of the committment due to goodwill .
at any rate , in the future i will think twice before committing to a boutique hotel .
just awful the trip was a surprise for my husbands 30th birthday and i was very excited to be staying at the casablanca after reading all of the wonderful reviews on trip advisor .
i had planned a car to collect us at the airport , a bottle of champagne in the room and i 'd also asked the hotel to store a birthday cake overnight which was being delivered the day before my husbands birthday .
i had e - mailed/telephoned the hotel on several occasions to confirm these arrangements . the champagne was not in our room when we arrived ( thursday ) but i was not too bothered , these things happen .
i went to the front desk and asked for it to be put in our room while we were out on saturday ( husbands birthday ) i also confirmed that the birthday cake was being delivered the next day ( friday ) and checked again than it was ok be stored overnight then put in the room along with the champagne on saturday .
i watched the gentleman at the front desk write this down so other members of staff were aware .
obviously this wasn?? made clear enough despite e - mails , telephone conversations and the conversation i had once we arrived at the hotel because while we were in our room on friday the birthday cake was brought up and my husband opened the door and the surprise was totally ruined .
then on saturday we had stopped off at the hotel in the afternoon to drop off shopping bags and to rest our feet for half an hour and while i was sat reading a mouse ran across the room .
my husband telephoned the front desk who sent someone up and when he removed the radiator cover there was a mouse trap under there so obviously they were aware they had a problem but still kept selling the room .
we were moved to the room next door which i wasn?? happy about because as far as i could see then if a mouse could get into one room then it could get into the one next door .
we complained and were told that we would have to stay in that room for one night but could be moved to another room for the last two nights of our trip .
we were really not comfortable with that so asked what else could be done .
we were then told that we could move to a sister hotel ( the library ) but would have to pay $50 - $70 more per night .
i found this to be a very rude and insulting suggestion .
they were trying to make more money out of us !
why should we be made to pay more just to ensure there weren?? rodents in our room ? they telephoned the manager ( whose cell was turned off as ??e doesn?? work weekends? ?
and then after about half an hour and a confrontation at the front desk they agreed that we could move to the other hotel for the same rate we had at the casablanca and they would also only charge us for one of the nights we had stayed and not both of them .
they would also pay for a taxi to take us to the librarywe spent approx 2 hours trying to sort this out , and then a further 1.5hrs moving and unpacking again not an ideal way for my husband to spend what was supposed to be a memorable birthday but , thanks to the casablanca , will now be memorable for all the wrong reasons .
we had a very disappointing stay at the casablanca .
the only thing they got right was the car was waiting for us to collect us at the airport but even then i was charged more than the quote i was given by the casablanca and we had to wait 20 mins to get on a bus before we actually got to the car .
definately wo not be staying here again !
thanks casablanca for ruining my husbands surprise birthday trip which i had spent months planning .
small with no air con the hotel is in the middle of downtown which is great if you are looking for the downtown city life and not the cute charm of san fran .
the hotel 's curbside passenger loading parking was full which made check in a pain because it is located on a very busy street .
once in the check - in was fine .
the room however was very small and the bathroom was tiny .
the decor was nice but it looked more like a surface renovation than a deep clean renovation .
new paint , and some trendy decor does not change the overall feel or quality .
pillows were horrible and left me with a neck cramp the next day !
the worst part of the hotel is that it doe not have any air conditioning !
again , no air conditioning .
being that san fran is usually cool you would not think it would be a problem , but when we open the windows the street noise was so loud we could not sleep , and with the windows shut it became very stuffy .
seriously , what kind of hotel does not have air .
i had a different hotel booked the next night and called them at 8am the next morning and they let me check in early because i could not even imagine getting ready in the tiny bathroom at the chancellor .
my husband and i could barely fit in the bathroom at the same time and we are very small people !
no counter space either .
my advice is book a hotel in an area with more charm , unless you want to be downtown , then i would suggest a hotel with air conditioning !
i do not recommend this hotel .
save your money .
do not stay here !
we booked a recently renovated room .
what we received was a room with a worn , dirty bedspread , dirty bathroom floor and tub , and soiled furniture .
the bed was so brick hard and uncomfortable that we were unable to get any sleep .
we asked for the newly renovated room that we booked or a suite , and were told that none was available .
the desk clerk did have a cleaner worn bedspread and better linen put on the bed , but the bathroom floor and tub still looked dirty and worn .
the bathroom was so small that you could barely sit on the toilet without bumping into the sink .
the remote did not work for the tv , but it did not matter because it was an old model with bad reception .
since it was my birthday , they did give us a nice bottle of wine .
also , they offered to comp our room or let us find another hotel .
we chose the compensation since it was too late to find another hotel , but it was a miserable night on a brick hard bed .
the room picture on the internet must have been taken a long time ago , because it did not reflect the actual room .
the maneger was a jerk !
at the time we reserved the roomsin july ,2007, we had requested an early check in , if possible .
i had reserved 3 rooms for 5 nights for three of my employees , my wife and myself .
upon arrival at 1:30 two of the rooms were not ready .
despite travelling all day we took the opportunity to sightsee for a couple of hours .
the check in desk assured me that they would be ready no later than 3:00.
when we returned at 3:30, the rooms were still not ready but we were assured that they would be ready shortly .
so we waited and waited .
at 4:30 the second room was ready and the third room was ready at 4:55.
i thought the wait was excessive and i asked to speak to the manager to register my concerns .
the general manager promptly arrived and told me he was sorry for the wait .
however , when i tried to get a word in during the 2+ minute conversation ( ? ) the guy kept talking and talking , never letting me express my complaint .
finally , fed up with this , i held up both hand and said fine , i 'll go to my room .
sensing my irritation , he offered to buy me a beer !
a beer !
so much for customer relations .
at the chancellor hotel it seems to stop at saying i 'm sorry .
the staff especially harris and rory were excellent .
just awful !
we were incredibly disappointed in this hotel .
please do not ruin your trip to san francisco by staying here .
first of all , the hotel is very , very shabby and there is no air conditioning of any kind .
you must have your window open to get any air at all , which means you must hear the street noise and traffic from the city streets below .
furthermore , not only was the open window noisy , but it also let in a bunch of flies which we could not get rid of .
our room was smelly , shabby , and noisy and there is no way i would recommend it to anyone .
we go to san francisco several times a year , and have done so for many years and i can honestly tell you there are many , many better places to stay for the same price in this lovely city .
avoid this place ! !
chancellor blows the chance to impress ! !
this hotel definitely caters to those who don?? care about their accommodations but simply need a place to drop off their luggage .
the great location and quaint motif are sadly offset by the paper thin walls surrounding a sardine - small room and a lack of customer service .
my wife and i decided to go to san francisco for our five year anniversary .
on our first night we were unable to sleep due to the rice paper thin walls .
we were able to hear the neighbors? ? television and the details of their conversation .
a majority of the staff do not speak english but when you??e lucky to find someone who does they have no desire to help you .
i asked for information and assistance to book a show .
they simply gave me a couple of numbers and told me to help myself .
on our second night my wife woke up at around midnight parched from the hustle and bustle of the day .
i called the front desk to purchasesome bottled water .
to my dismay they told me they don?? offer that since they don?? have room service .
the restaurant and convenience store were both closed .
i asked if there was a vending machine nearbyand they replied that there were none on the premises .
they directed me to go to a drugstore and begrudgingly i went in the middle of the night in my pajamas and a jacket i regretted doing so immediately when i was accosted by a vagrant asking for asking for money .
he was relentless and wouldn?? leave me alone .
needless to say this will be our last stay at chancellor hotel on union square .
damp and cold a few problems :1) when booking , we reserved room with two queen beds .
instead , we were told when we arrived there were only twin beds .
we had three guests in our room , so one had to sleep in a cot .2) the room is very small , very cold , and damp .
when we complained about the condition of the room , we were told that there was no heat available for this room , and basically just to stick it out .3)
i became ill halfway through my stay .
when i called down to room service to order tea , there was no response .
i tried twice more before calling the front desk .
no response from the front desk .
no response .4)
i walked downstairs , saw a note at the bar that said no room service or bar service , as staff is at a holiday party .
okay , understandable .
i walked over to the front desk , where not one , but two women were standing chatting .
i mentioned i called and that i would appreciate a pot to take some of the hot water available in the lobby up to my room .
they said the kitchen was closed and they could not get anything for me .
i walked up the block to walgreen 's .5)
overall , the service offered at this hotel is minimal .
no concierge , no bellhop , no doorman .
i could not even catch a taxi out in front .
i walked to another hotel to do so . i would not recommend this hotel .
when inexpensive means tacky if you can climb the streets of san francisco and then spend the evening with no way to even heat water for tea , much less have coffee , then be the chancellor 's guest .
i requested a microwave , and the dead - pan answer was that they had coffee and hot water 24 hours a day in the lobby .
not good .
and the notes from others about no climate control should be taken seriously .
chancellor will respond that the windows can be opened .
my window jammed when i locked it to get some safety from the antiquated fire escape , and i called immediately for someone to come and free the lock .
when i check out the next morning , the lock was still jammed .
staff attitudes are questionable : chambermaids friendly enough .
desk staff , bartender , appear as if trained to avoid eye contact , and not even return smiles , much less originate them .
most disappointed having seen all the excellent reviews on trip advisor for the previous couple of months , we booked the chancellor for four nights at the beginning of september .
unfortunately the hotel did not live up to our expectations , and was certainly not the same hotel that other reviewers had been praising .
we were incredulous that when we arrived , the doorman stood and watched whilst we carried our luggage in without even opening the door for us .
this attitude , combined with unfriendly staff on the front desk and a very tired and shabby looking bedroom , led to a disappointing stay at the chancellor .
we would not recommend staying at this hotel .
chancellor was a disappointment my husband and i stayed at the chancellor for four days in june and would give it mixed reviews .
yes , the location is great right at union square , but the hotel lobby needs renovation badly and the beds were uncomfortable .
the rooms were quite clean , but they either face busy union square or a huge bank of air conditioners that do not turn off until 11 or after .
because the weather was unusually warm , we were quite uncomfortable since the hotel itself does not have air conditioning and had to request a move which was quieter and cooler in a corner room .
wifi was spotty to non - existant in our room and to make matters worse we were refused a aaa discount when we checked out because we had signed a paper when we arrived .
the staff seemed uninspired but they did accomodate our move graciously and generally were helpful , especially with the wifi .
the restaurant served a good breakfast and gave service with a smile .
upsetting experience my granddaugher and i were in sf over chinese new year/president 's weekend .
we arrived early , understood that the room may not be ready .
we sent to lunch , came back around 2:15 - room not ready .
granddaughter feeling ill .
we ask when can the room be ready , but never got a response back from the clerk or housekeeping .
around 2:45 i ask a different clerk when the room would be ready .
did not get response back from housekeeping or follow up by the desk clerk .
around 3:00 i ask yet another desk clerk when will the room be ready .
she did give me a discount on the room as it was not ready on time , but at that point the money was not an issue - i just wanted a room , any room , as my granddaughter was feeling worse .
time passes . . . . . . . . . . . . we finally get a room around after 3:30. but the keys do not work .
housekeeping has to open the door for us , but now my granddaughter is upset and starting to cry , i am upset , so we go down to the lobby and say we are not staying , we are leaving .
the desk clerk says you are welcome to leave , but you must pay for the room .
needless to say , we are all upset at this time , and there is no talking to the deskclerk .
so , we leave the hotel , and go home .
we never stayed , we were in the room at most 30 seconds , we are upset due to the management staff , and yet we must pay for a room that we did not use .
i felt that the management staff could have done better , that all they needed to do was follow up on my requests for a time when the room would be ready .
in short , the chancellor will never receive a recommendation from me .
do not go unless you have young kids - and even with kids , i 'd say do not go i stayed at the ritz with my boyfriend memorial day weekend .
the hotel itself is nice and clean and the pool area is really nice from an aesthetic point of view , actually sitting there to relax is a different story - - read on . . . the problems are as follows : (1) the hotel is totally disorganized - no one communicated within the hotel , if you ask housekeeping for something they send someone to ask you what you want even though you told the person on the phone - a lot of hassle for nothing . (2)
very loud - 5 star hotels should be relaxing - - this one is not - the staff is running around , cutting the grass , repairing stuff , moving stuff . . you hear the working of the hotel all day - in a 5 star hotel you should not see this kind of stuff - nothing like sitting at the pool trying to relax while the staff moves plates and boxes from one end of the pool to the other on wheeled carts that make tons of noise , changes the garbage in front of you . . . etc - - its just constant noise . . (3) the beach area is ok - the beach is really nothing special ( not the fault of the ritz . .but if you are going for a nice beach vacation - go somewhere else ) - - but the ritz staff makes an already average beach suck even more as the staff drives around on these 4 wheelers that blow smoke and fumes all over you - they do so to collect towels etc . . which is a total joke as the beach area is not that big and any other place would just have them walking around to do so - but the staff is lazy . . so basically you are sitting on the beach with fumes and loud noise - - also the airport is really close ( a 5 minute drive from the hotel ) so you hear planes taking off and landing all day - - all in all not relaxing . (4)
kids all over - - this hotel is full of little kids , and loud obnoxious ones - i do not mean to sound horrible and like a kid hater - because i am not - but this is a family resort 100% and do not be fooled otherwise - it is not a romantic place to go - also i have found usually at 5 star hotels that even if there are kids they do not hell on the top of their lungs or play marco polo from one end of the hotel to the other - i note from other reviews this is something that always occurs . . the hotel makes no effort in trying to quiet the children to respect others desire for relaxation ( and i asked numerous times ) (5) the beds suck - our backs were sore everyday so much so that we had to cancel our plans to go to the rain forest as we were exhausted from no sleep and in painin sum , if you have young kids who want to run around and yell and you do not want to teach them manners - ie : how to respect other people 's desire for some relaxation as well - - this is the place for you - - - otherwise stay away .
i went there for a romantic/relaxing long weekend and could not wait to get home .
this is not a ritz experience - - we checked out the other hotels - - the intercontinental looks the best - - its further away from the airport - the beach is a bit nicer and its way cheaper so you wo not be furious that you are so much money for a disaster of an experience .
if you vacationing with friends do not go , if you are a couple do not go .
i cannot stress this enough . . it was a terrible terrible disappointment .
to ritz or not to ritz for those going to puerto rico , dont get caught up in the name ritz carlton .
this hotel while cute , is very stressful .
most of the staff is amazing , great people , but those who are in charge do not have great customer service skills .
package perks that were part of a ritz carlton promotion were lost then found after waiting to speak to a manager .
the onsite tour group at the hotel never booked our tour for us and left us out out to dry .
the concierge could have cared less about our issue and made us feel like we did not matter at all . the waitstaff at the onsite restaurants were wonderful , very nice , charming once you treat them like humans , not the standard disrespect from most tourists .
they were the best part of the hotel , without them this place would be nothing .
the beach is nothing special unless you like to be crammed together like cattle and have a stranger placed right next to youof course the management will say they are constantly working to improve service and they should !
vacations are to remove stress not to cause it . . . .the ritz carlton ? at this location , it is only a name .
if you have the money to spend , try another spot .
ritz carlton . . . it is not !
i selected the sj ritz carlton for a special destination birthday present for my 13 year old niece during winter recess . what a disappointment !
upon arrival notified by front desk that the hotel had over - booked for our dates . ocean view with balcony ( reserved in november ) not available .
front desk young and inexperienced .
much time and energy was wasted in securing alternate room through upper management .
offered drinks at front desk and waiter returned 10 minutes later and told us no  blender drinks . . broken !
many guests milling about lobby equally dissatisfied with check in . public areas are attractive but restaurants are extremely over priced and food is very mediocre .
pool was murky .
young diapered children playing in fountain . actually followed parents from beach area who instructed children to jump in pool and clean - off sand !
over - all staffing seemed very limited . staff should have been posted at pool access to avoid such an incident , and to clean tiled area .
service for drinks and food on beach was limited and very slow . birthday cake was delivered as requested , a plus ! .
good opportunity to teach niece about how to negotiate in a polite but firm manner .
this hotel does not earn the ritz carlton logo , in my opinion .
ritz carlton san juan booooooooo ! ! !1 let me start off by stating , my wife and myself frequent the ritz carlton properties as often as we can .
we had a horrible experience at the r c san juan . .
this was the second week of our honeymoon ( the first week we stayed at the r c grand cayman islands which i can not brag enough about ) and then we were brought to this horrible excuse for a ritz .
lets start off by our check in that was very nice , we received 2 glasses of champagne as a initial congratulations .
we then were brought to our room , which we noticed the bathroom toilet was leaking and not flushing correctly .
i called maintenance around 5 times during the first 2 days there and it was never fixed .
our first dining experience was not so good at the steak restaurant and then we were told ??ext time you come back we will take care of you? ? now why would i come back after this experience ?
the pool was nice if you could dodge all the dirty cups that were floating around and if you wanted to physically fight with people about the limited rafts . . oh yes and who could forget the mini bar filler who would walk into our room religiously every morning even when we asked him to wait a minute ??ere on our honeymoon? ?
the lobby bar was a great time we spent a lot of time there and our bartender was great .
oh and who could forget the couples massage we both got , yes that?? right the masseuses were about as talented as my bulldog with less manners , my masseuse literally sat on the table the whole time and burped not once but twice .
my wife?? masseuse was equally as untalented .
this was the most horrific experience we could of ever had unfortunately it had to be on our honeymoon with a hefty price tag .
oh yes don not let me leave out the fact we contacted the concierge?? as well as the rc san juan management and nothing was done about any of these wonderful memories we have of our honeymoon . .
where am i ? this is not the ritz i know .
how this property remains a ritz is a mystery .
we arrived and dragged all of our bags in to the front desk without a single staff member acknowledging my family 's presence .
there were plenty of staff but none saw us as important enough to assist or even open the front door .
we had to finally interupt the conversation of the three ladies at the front desk who obviously had more important things to discuss than greet the valued customer .
to add insult to injury , the ladies felt comfortable enough to joke , in spanish , about my wifes dress .
to assume an american does not understand was quite a miscalculation . what a start to a long awaited break in a luxury hotel . our room was ok for a marriott but what is the point of an ocean view if you cannot see through the filthy windows ?
the room was a dissappointment .
light bulbs out , hole in the wall , toilet would not flush completely and stains on the ceiling . we called and asked for the toilet to be repaired at a minimum which took 4 hours for somebody to show up .
the gentleman said they were saving on pay so he was alone ! ! ! !overall service was painfully slow .
i honestly think the staff lack direction from management .
i rarely saw any management with the exception of their italian restaurant and steakhouse .
( the only bright spots of the hotel ) .the location is very close to the airport and not great place to walk around but the beach is nice and the pool is beautiful . our experience could not have been worse and we were not alone .
it seemed everyday around the pool the topic of customer conversation was the shocking service and poor condition of the hotel . all of the loyalty i have to ritz - carlton as a company was lost by this experience .
by the way the toilet was never fixed .
do not stay here !
i am sitting on the plane about to leave puetro rico .
i wanted to get this down while it was fresh in my mind .
i just stayed at the ??itz carlton? ? san juan for a week .
to be fair , there were some good things about the hotel .
the noise from airplanes that is often referred to on this site was not an issue .
i heard one plane the whole time i was there .
the grounds were amazing too .
tree ferns , beautiful fountains and palm trees were all over the place .
it looked the part of the tropical get away . now to the not so great things? ? i want to let you all know that this hotel , while nice , should not be listed on the roster of ritz carlton properties .
i found out during our stay that it is a privately owned ritz carlton and is franchised .
the ritz carlton is supposed to be all about friendly world class service , at least the ones i have stayed at previously .
this hotel is service with a scowl at its worst .
on arrival , usually the staff at a ritz carlton will greet you and offer to take your bags .
if the check in line is long , usually they will stow your luggage .
no such luck here .
we were forced to lug our 6 pieces of luggage into a line that almost stretched out of the door and the front desk person who was ( the rudest person i have ever encountered at any hotel front desk , except at a little out of the way howard johnson at midnight in a snowstorm ) took one look at my group of sweaty tired travelers and promptly told us that our rooms would not be ready for a while and that it was hotel policy to not let guests check in until the room was ready .
if you want to know what she was like think the stewardess on ben stiller?? plane ride on meet the parents .
yes , she is that bad !
we asked for the manager and an equally rude individual reiterated her statement and then they started talking about us in spanish not thinking that the stupid people in front of them could understand .
i was very upset by this time and asked what other hotels were in the area because we weren?? sure that we wanted to stay at the ritz any longer because we didn?? feel welcome .
true to his rude demeanor , he started listing other hotels for us to go to and even offered to call a cab for us .
i felt that this reaction was another slap in the face .
he should have apologized and offered to correct their initial disappointing reception . when we finally got checked in the nightmare continued .
as soon as we opened the door , we were hit with a strange smell in our room that was very similar to vomit and several stains on the carpet that were suspicious .
the shower curtain was mildewed and there was a large crack in the window of our room looking out to our view .
the carpet was soaked too and the internet connection didn?? work .
i couldn?? believe that i had paid three thousand dollars for this room .
also , the internet is not wireless in the rooms .
it is an ethernet connection that requires a plug .
you have to sit at the desk to use it .
sort of inconvient but once again not up to what the ritz is usually about . i called the front desk , housekeeping and the management office for help with the smell and room issues .
both hotel managers were on vacation , one until august 6th , over two weeks from when were to leave !
i was equally disturbed to discover that the only manager on duty was the rude person mentioned above .
what a ??reat? ? start to our long anticipated vacation .
i was able to find , after much searching , the guest relations manager who is a lovely woman named flavia .
she is such a sweet person .
she listened to my concerns and offered to send an ozone machine up to our room help get rid of the smell .
she also offered to move our room if we wanted but we had already unpacked .
in addition , she gave us a credit to be used towards food at the hotel which was very nice but i didn?? ask for it .
i think it?? like someone cutting you and then offering to pay for the stitches .
nice offer but why did it have to happen in the first place ?
the ozone machine didn?? help much but i was done by this point and didn?? try to persue it any further . .
the food at the hotel is not the best and drinks are outrageously expensive .
a normal strawberry daiquiri ( that pink drink that we all dream about while waiting to go on vacation ) is $15 a pop !
a mojito ( the island?? signature drink ) is $16.
the food at the main restaurant called mare?? is bland and extremely expensive too .
trust me ! don?? plan to eat or drink there if possible .
there was a nice girl named rosanne at the mare restaurant that helped us and showed us around the hotel the first day .
she was also a bright spot in the otherwise disappointing staff at the hotel and gave us some good tips about where to go for good nightlife . the hotel spa is very small .
get this , there is a staff entrance leading right into the area where the steam room and jacuzzi are located .
it is used at least once every 30 seconds by the staff coming and going .
when you are trying to relax in the spa , staff members are constantly coming in and out and have no concept of quiet .
they are often talking loudly and rolling carts right through the spa !
not relaxing at all .
the pool is 3ft .
6 inches deep at its deepest point .
this makes for tough swimming for adults but good for kids i guess .
the beach was nice but there were several homeless people on it begging for food and money which was disturbing .
keep in mind that most of puetro rico is very poor and the ritz is one of three ??pscale? ? hotels in all of san juan .
i do not have any clue how they managed to get their 4 ? star rating .
i have stayed at 3 star hotels that were better .
overall , i would say if you have low expectations , don?? care about service and like the smell of vomit in your room or just want to get away , the ritz is a good place to stay .
it is a ritz carlton in name only .
it?? similar to a good looking holiday inn or a nice best western .
if you want a truly upscale experience with attentive staff , good food and a welcoming atmosphere avoid the place like the plague ! ! !
not worth the price !
my husband and i stayed there for a vacation recently .
we went in expecting a luxury hotel - - it is the ritz , after all .
what we got was the worst service we 've ever had - - including stays at best westerns .
every single day we returned to our room to find that we had not gotten new towels , soaps , etc .
we had to call and wait for hours to get basic amenities .
the facilities in the rest of the hotel were not great .
they did not regularly clean the bathrooms by the pool .
i tried the spa - - i was expecting a lot for a $90 pedicure , but what i got was nail polish all over my toes - - the nail technician did not get it off for me - - she told me it would come off in the shower .
and the concierge desk was completely useless in helping us plan activities .
the only good thing about the stay was that the weather was nice .
would not stay there again beware - this is not a place to travel with children unless your fine with spending $18 to buy a plastic pail to take to the beach .
the food was absolutely terrible and there is no place to walk outside the hotel with children , unless you 'd like to teach them a lesson in abject poverty .
worst of all the windows do not open in the guest rooms , so if you like fresh air , forget it .
also the beds are extremely hard , and you can hear the elevator beeping all night long along with the sounds of the casino - this is from the fifth floor .
further , the beach was beautiful and the staff was very friendly but you can hear planes taking off every few minutes .
nice place for airplane noise and slow service i would first like to say that i 've stayed in over a dozen ritz carltons worldwide as a result of my frequent business travel .
i 've also stayed at several other fine hotels including the four seasons , st . regis , etc .
if you are used to staying in these type of hotels then please read this review very carefully .1)
the hotel is located smack under the main airport .
this means 2 things - noisy airplanes taking off over the beach while you relax and dumping jet fumes all over you it also means that city view rooms are runway view .
even the double pane glass does not drown out the noise completely .
2) while the staff is incredibly friendly , they also act as if they are on vacation .
do not expect to be asked for a drink more than once per hour at the beach and dont expect any sort of real service at the lobby lounge bar .
the table next to use had to go flag a waitress after waiting 20 minutes .
10 minutes later she still was not there and the couple go up and left .
the best service is at the beach side grill , but do not expect too much .3)
while you expect to pay a premium for food and ammenities at the ritz carlton , this ritz has taken it to another level .
$18 for a ritz burger which tasted like a frozen beef patty .
$7 for 2 pieces of sushi at the sushi bar .
while the sushi was fresh they cut very small pieces that barely covered the rice . . . come on , for $3.50 per piece you could cut some fish ! !4) the concierge is not knowlegeable .
we asked to book a trip to a neighboring island .
it took about 45 minutes for the lady to find out that there were no travel tours because it was off season .
we also asked which restaurant would have a sunday brunch .
the concierge pointed us to the ritz carribean grill which of course did not have a brunch when we got there .5)
we returned to our room the second night and our entire floor including the room smelled like a bathroom .
very gross .
also , the room next to ours had a party going on at midnight which was very loud and the smell of marijuana poured through the door between our room and theirs .
when we brought our issues to the attention of the staff they changed our room from a pool/beach view to a runway/city view .
i asked if this was their normal way of doing business - to downgrade their disatissfied customers .
i was simply told that they were sold out , which i did not believe judging by the number of hotel room lights that were on at night .6)
the casino is very stingy .
our friend was playing $25 chips on blackjack for almost 2 hours and she never got offered a drink once .
when i tried to flag down a waitress she pretended not to see .
7) one day there was a parade outside the ritz ( a city organized event ) .
about 2/3 of the hotel staff decided they were going to go watch . . . . . i 'm not sure who was on vacation , the guests or the staff ? conclusions - if you are used to staying at 5 star hotels then stay away from the ritz .
if you are not but want a true 5 star hotel experience then also stay away from the ritz .
all the marble and friendly staff in the world cannot make up for their disorganized and poorly run hotelmy recommendations - if you want to be near the airport , we looked at the hotel san juan , this hotel was much nicer and much more classy .
the pool was very impressive and the beach does not face the runway . if you want to stay somewhere nice for vacation in puerto rico , and do not care about the airport being near you - stick with the westin 
very disappointing i took my mother there for a mother?? day weekend getaway .
we were very excited when we arrived .
the hotel was beautiful .
then i went to confirm some surfing lessons for my son .
it turns out they were never arranged but i have the email to prove they were .
then they recommended a restaurant to us that was awful everything they served us was burned .
when we got back to the hotel and went to our room we noticed many holes in the sheets .
i told the front desk and all they said was oh we are sorry .
no one ever change them .
when we tried to make reservations for the brunch i was told they didn?? have availability .
before i went to the hotel i had called and they told me to make the reservation when i arrived that it wouldn?? be a problem .
when i ordered room service 4 times i was told they did not have half the things on the menu .
my son took the gummy bears out of the mini bar and only had 3 of them we left the room and when we came back they had been thrown away .
he is 6 so he was devastated and he never got his surfing lessons .
not only that but it has already been a week since i left and they charged the full amount an my credit card and still have a hold on it for the same amount that they charged .
never going back . . .
in the last year , i have visited two four seasons , one one and only resort , and one jw marriott .
my hope was that the ritz was going to meet my expectations and be comparable to other 4-5 star hotels i had visited .
what a complete disappointment .
the concept of customer service is a complete unknown to everyone , unless you take the time to complain to the manager and express your frustrations .
only then is action taken . here is a laundry list of problems , and mind you , our room rate was over $300 a night .1.
no ice bucket in the room2.
phone in room had major static problems .3.
closet hanger said robes were there for use , but no robes were actually hanging there .4.
toilet clogged after two basic uses . the four issues mentioned above happened the first night .
the phone was missing a filter ( they could not explain why it has not been installed ) , the ice bucket had been forgotten , the robes were forgotten ( which i am glad we said something b/c i would have likely been charged if they thought i had taken them ) and as for the toilet , no explanation was given . the next day , we expected all would finally be right .
toilet again clogged , the concierge did not do much to assist us ( she was on the phone with someone who did not appear to be a guest , so we had to wait for her to finish her conversation - the other person at the concierge desk ignored us and just talked to another staff member while we stood there ) , and even though we called for turn down service when we headed to dinner , no turn down had been done when we returned from dinner 3 hours later !
i called to complain and they apologized profusely and sent someone over . . .30 minutes later ! then , on our third day , my family member wanted to buy a robe , priced at over $100.
after 3 phone calls requesting assistance on this matter , no one bothered to tell us that no bath robes were available .
we only found that out when we proactively went to the hotel shop to find out about buying a robe . the pool was clean on the first 2 days ( friday and saturday ) , but was filthy by sunday .
the oil from sun tan lotions was gathering at the edges of the pool .
since we were there during the july 4th holiday weekend , i think that the pool staff did not do enough to clean the pool throughout the day .
moreover , of the four days , on 2 days , we had towels with holes in them .
there are two nice things that i wish to commend the hotel on : we were celebrating my family member 's birthday and they sent a small cake to the room on our first day , free of charge .
in addition , based on our nightmare experiences , they discounted our room by 50 percent for two of the four nights and permitted us to check out late afternoon (3:30 instead of the usual noon check out ) .
note , however , that even though the manager let us check out 3 hours later , the hotel staff did call us two times to confirm that we were leaving .
both calls came in one hour before our late check - out , around 2. so , yet again , the management does not communicate with its staff to ensure that the guest is not inconvenienced . all in all , i would never go back .
i felt like i was there to serve the staff .
at least 3 times i called guest services and no one picked up .
although i appreciate the discount , i would have rather not gotten the discount but instead gotten excellent service . i have read many reviews of this hotel and i do see a mix .
some people absolutely love it and some hate it .
i wish i could say i loved it , but my experience left a lot to be desired .
baby stroller a must do not bother staying here unless you have a high - tech baby stroller .
for close to $900 bucks per night , i thought i would have some peace and quiet but not here .
the kids ran wild on the club level and i could have spent much less at the embassy suites for the same ambience .
my room was handsomely furnished but very small .
the rack rate is a rip - off plus the beach is dirty , the tennis pro is a jerk and the food is awful .
we just spent three nights at the ritz carlton , san juan .
this hotel is an embarassment to the ritz franchise .
the management staff was rude , completely unhelpful , and dishonest .
they did nothing to accomodate us or make up for the mistakes they continued to make .
although most of the bellboys and waiters were nice , some were downright lazy and seemed bothered to have to help us ( not surprising given the horrible management style of the entire place . )
needless to say , we will never be returning to this hotel and i have warned everyone i know to stay away .
i would venture to say we would have gotten better service at a holiday inn .
this is what the ritz is like ? ?
this was out first stay at a ritz hotel .
we were looking forward to the glamour and glitz .
did not find it here !
the hotel was very crowded and busy .
lots of very small children .
not what you want when you 're looking forward to a relaxing long weekend .
the staff tried to do the best they could .
i think there just were not enough of them .
poolside was the worst .
empty food plates all over .
just overall messy .
our initial room was so full of mold and mildew we had to move to another room .
the food was also not up to par .
overall very disappointing .
i told my husband that i did not want this experience to taint our view of this hotel chain , he gave me the harry eyeball !
verry disappointing this hotel is not 5 star property .
very disappointing in every aspect .
small room with no view $400.00/night .
cocktails $12.50. . .food quality terrible and outrageously expensive .
poor location requires expensive cabs everywhere .
better off to run out in the backyard and just throw up $5000 up in the air .
you will feel better .
planes trains automobiles site selection people really missed the boat here .
room was not ready for over two hours - -though we did manage to get one of the oceanview balconies .
room was small .
most rooms did not even have balconies or opening windows as it is so close to the airport .
staff was inconsistant and they erroneously added charges to my bill after i left that took four months to clear up .
laying on a raft in the ocean smelling jet fuel as they flew literally right overhead did not add much to the ambiance .
this was topped off that evening when we were told by the security guard that he advised us against taking a romantic walk on the beach for safety sake - - - the good news was he was there to warn us . . .
definitely not 5 star we also stayed at the el conquistador for a conference .
several people told us how nice the resort was .
however upon arrival and check in we were given a room that was not up to standards .
the room was very musty and dirty .
the bathroom looked like it had never been cleaned well .
the floors and shower were dirty .
we did not even have an on/off knob for the shower .
the front desk was unable to move us until the next day .
our second room was better .
however , our first night in the new room the carpet near the sliding glass doors was soaked with water a good foot and a half to 2 feet in to our room due to the rains .
this made our room smell for the rest of our trip .
there was no need to ask to go to a different room because most rooms experienced the same problem as ours .
the exterior of the hotel is in just as rough shape .
there are cracks in the exterior all around the pool , lobby , convention center , etc .
the resort also has a severe mold problem .
my husband and i tried to get in one of the hot tubs and noticed a significant amount of mold all around the steps .
another person we were on the trip with said she moved her pillows and found mold on the bottom of her headboard .
we did not personally experience this , however we did have a good amount of water in our room and it was obvious that this was not the first time it had happened . the golden door spa is very nice .
we had great treatments and our therapists were fantastic .
however , i would warn against using the jacuzzi .
the jacuzzis in both the men and women 's areas were not cleaned regularly and had mold .
the ceiling in the women 's was falling in .
all in all , the place just is not being taken care of .
the absolute best part of the resort is palomino island .
the folks that work on the island are fantastic .
we had the best service here , more than anywhere else on the island .
luckily , we were able to go to the island a couple of times during our stay . needless to say , we will not be returning to the el conquistador .
this resort is in need of major renovation .
great views but rundown my wife and i went there for a convention and were told wonderful things about this hotel by those who stayed there a few years ago .
what a difference a few years make .
first we were picked up by the hotel bus and he told us that we usually would have dinks on the bus ( for the 1 to 1.5 hours drive from the airport ) but he did not have time to fill the cooler .
we get to the hotel and our room is in the main building and has a great view until it rained that night .
we woke up to a carpet that was drenched from the sliding doors almost to the bed .
when we asked to switch rooms , we were told nothing was available until the next day with the view and king bed we paid for .
the new room was not ready until the next night and it was a garden view with two doubles .
we went to call the front desk and that room 's phone was not working .
the bellman called the front desk from his cell phone and they hung up on him twice before sending us to another room with and ocean view , but still two double beds .
we were too tired of packing and moving rooms that night , so we accepted this room .
we went to the casino and the female dealers were friendly , the male dealers were not .
it was also took a long time to get a drink when playing the tables .
we got back to our room to find water leaking from the ceiling into the bathroom .
this was 2am so we waited unitl the next day and moved again .
four rooms in five days .
in general the staff was nice but the hotel was in serious need of a cleaning .
the pools were dirty and being a pool owner , i looked in the skimmers and found them clogged with debris .
they did not clean the skimmers for the next two days .
the maid service was horrible .
they never vacuumed , we had to take wash clothes from the fitness room because they never left us any , even after asking and they were very frugal with large bath towels .
there are several more things . . . lots of cracked plaster , missing tiles , broken elevators and tram , missing door knobs , etc . . . etc . . . but it is suffice to say we will never go there again .
one of the staff told us they were purchased a couple of months ago by an investment bankers group .
i do not know if the new owners are the cause or not , but this hotel needs better management and some money put into the upkeep .
do not stay here !
i just returned from my stay at this hotel in puerto rico .
i had a terrible experience .
two elevators were being worked on during my stay which made it incredibly difficult to get around the hotel , especially with a stroller ( stairs were not an option ) .
i even had to use the service elevator at one point which was dingy .
the employees at the casino were rude when changing my money so i decided not to even bother losing any money there and left .
our tub was clogged for two days ( and the tub showers were sunk - in and not very big ) .
the maid service took our wash cloths and did not replace them .
there was not any hot water .
the best it got was lukewarm .
the phone in the room did not work .
you are stuck at the hotel and the prices are outrageous .
spend your money on a nice hotel elsewhere where you at least have the option of going out for reasonably price meals .
another member of my party had a problem with her credit card ( she was paying cash at checkout , which they said would be fine ) .
then , when she had reached her limit on her card , they proceeded to lock her out of her room and not let her charge to the room for lunch ( she was at the private island and had to skip that meal ) .
they had to get the manager to even let her in her room to get cash to pay them .
they then wound up telling her that they would give her a credit , but then wound up charging her instead , which pushed her over her limit so her credit card company is now charging her extra .
i would not recommend this hotel at all .
the price was definitely not worth all of the headaches and the inconveniences .
camera was stolen and was over charged on my check out bill ! ! ! me and my husband and 2 kids ages 2 and 4 actually loved the grounds of the hotel .
this is the only positive thing i ; m gonna say about this place . as soon as we got our rooms we went to the pool and after that returning to our room our camera was stolen from our room .
the staff and security were not the brightest people on earth and they were not the nicest .
they did get the local police to investigate .
which was a joke .
nothing was done !
to top it all off when we checked out to leave they charged my credit card and extra 1300 in amenities when i paid in full upon leaving .
we will never return here ! ! ! !
we will continue to go to el san juan hotel and casino in isla verde ! ! !
you can definitely do alot better than the el con !
the best thing that i can say about my trip to the el con was that i did not have to pay for it myself . my experience with the resort started poorly and failed to improve over the 4 days that i was there .
things started with a luggage mixup in which we had inadvertently grabbed the wrong suitcase from baggage claim at the airport .
we realized the problem immediately upon arrival at the hotel and contacted the concierge desk to assist in sorting things out . they were the most hapless group of individuals i came across while at the hotel and probably at any hotel i have stayed at in the past 20 years .
it took almost a day and a half to get our suitcase even though we had confirmed that the correct bag was at the airport and the hotel made countless roundtrips to and from the airport each day .
after countless screw - ups , lies , and conflicting stories , we relieved the concierge team of the task of retrieving our bag and made the trip back to the airport ourselves .
we were able to get our bag within minutes . the hotel itself was clearly , at one time , an impressive resort .
now it has the feel of a place that is clearly living on past glory .
the room , we were in had clearly never been renovated since it was originally built and it had a 1980's feel to it .
i will say , however , that the room was large and spacious .
the rest of the hotel could use a facelift too - or at least a good painting .
instead they seem to invest in attractions like a water park or new bungalows , while the main hotel continues to deteriorate .
i do not get it . the food and activities were very expensive .
one expects this at a resort , especially one that is as isolated as the el con .
they have a license to gouge and they use it .
expect to pay double what you would at home .
if you decide to do activities , do not book through the hotel .
by way of example , the hotel charged $90 for the luminescent bay kayaking trip - we took the exact same trip for $35 by walking around the corner from the hotel . lastly , look out for after - your - stay charges to show up on your credit card .
i , along with two other people in our group , had extra charges charged to our credit cards after we had checked out for fees that had been negotiated into the contract with the hotel . long story short , for the amount the el con charges , you can do much , much better at an alternative pr resort .
el conquistador was not a vacation !
very disappointed in el conquistador , if you are planning a quiet relaxing vacation , do not go to this hotel , doors slamming and paper thin walls you can hear the person in the other room using the restroom .
we stayed in the 3440 section , there were ants on the nightstand , bathroom was just remodeled but it looked like they just glued the new tile to the old , you could see the old mildew and old tub ! long long walks to get to one place , no golf cart transportation .
service by the hotel staff was poor , the only great service we received was from fernando in bella vista , he did an outstanding job , the rest of the staff acted as they if we were doing them a favor .
they all of sudden became alive when it was tip time .
hotel hot tub near the bella vista had a kotex max pad sitting on the side , the grounds are not kept there is cigarette bud , cups , napkins junk on the floor , there is never anyone picking up or sweeping the property .
the lobby restrooms were flity and old .
they need a serious paint job and chaulking the bathrooms !
the food was very over priced , and the drinks were weak .
the only place that had discent food or drinks wa the bella vista , the pizza was yummy .
forget about asking for assistance on tours or places to go , every time you called the concierge , they never knew anything or told us to call back .
we did enjoy our $300 dinner at the strip house , it was delicious .
i felt that i never got a good night sleep , there were doors and staff walking by talking on their radios , it was loud all night , and one night the wind was blowing so hard that we had to push the furniture up on the glass to stop the howling or the glass from vibrating !
we did move rooms one from 3200 section to the 3440 but it was all the same loud !
bring your ear plugs , and be prepare to see trash every were you go . the beach was okay , my son enjoyed the boat ride , but there was trash all over the beach , and sea weed every where , it would be nice if they could of just invested a few hundred dollars to pay a cleaning staff to keep the properyt clean !
a tip for palamino beach , hire someone to rake the seaweed !
next time i will go back to mexico !
beware of bed bugs !
we arrived late our first night and went straight to bed .
the next morning while on the beach at palamino both my husband and i noticed we had small bites on our feet and ankles .
we thought it was from sand flees .
the next day we had a few more and that day we had not gone to the beach at all .
it was not until the fourth day when i started welting up that i thought something was wrong .
when we were at the airport another couple who was on the same trip mentioned that they had bites all over their bodies and they were having to take benadryl and they were sure it was bed bugs ! .
by the time our plane landed i had welts all over my legs and arms .
i went to my doctor right away and he also said that it was more than likely bed bugs and that i was having an alergic reaction to the bites .
when you wake up with bumps that you did not have when you went to bed . . . .it can only be one thing . . . bed bugs . i would never go back to that resort and now i 'll have difficulty staying anywhere until the mattress , linens and headboard have all been inspected .
no ! ! stay away .
half the hotel is under renovation , the other half is totally dysfunctional .
the nicer rooms are at the bottom of a very steep hill , at the marina , but to reach it you need to take a cable car up and down .
given the shoddy desk service , lack of in - room amenities , failed wireless internet access , bad food , horrible bellhop service , and other disappointments , there 's no reason to think one should have confidence in the cable car ( which in fact went on the blink when we were there ) .
worst vacation resort ever i do not recommend anyone staying there .
everything on the whole resort is extremely over priced .
and at one point we came back to our room from dinner to find a hotel bell hop rumaging through out suitcase .
i got stuck in two of their elevators , neither of their two hot tubs were working .
we had a camera stolen by housekeeping .
this resort ruined our vacation and i suggest if you are thinking about staying there dont find somewhere else .
wouldnevergoagain i had the pleasure of experiencing puerto rico for the first time in my life and stayed @ the el conquistador .
the first night i was sleeping and had my ceiling leaking water over the bed 3:00 am morning called the front desk they did not respond until the next day when i had to go to the concirege and complian , none of the refrigerators in my room worked , the lighting fixtures was coming apart , take atlest 5,000 in cashif you plan on staying there the charge for a bottle of fiji water in the room was $7.00. when
i arrived home they charged my card $400.00 for security fees and told me that i would recieve the money in about 10 days .
i was never told about the $400.00
security fee upon checking out of that overdressed dump .
yeah the grounds are kept nice but the rooms could use a makeover .
i will go back to pr just at another resort i would not recomend this resort to know one .
be warned do not stay in this hotel my wife and i looked into this hotel for our weeding .
everything seems perfect when we spoke to the hotel people and looked at the website .
we set up the weeding via email and telephone .
when we arrive to the hotel it took almost 2 hours to get us checked in our room .
after that delay we went to check out the hotel and it was a little dirty .
we said well we are here already might as well make the best of it .
next problem arose the hotel is in a mountain and due to this they charge ridiculous prices for their food and amenities , and i mean over priced .
if you want to go out of the resort to eat which you can eat great food and affordable prices you have to either walk like miles or you can get a cab which will cost you about $40 dollars just to get down the mountain .
then same amount to get back .
so of course we had to stay in the complex .
so i decided i wanted to rent a car so that i can go out of the complex but wait if you rent a car you have to pay about 30.00 per day unless you rent the car through the hotel .
ok so finally we give the final numbers of people coming to the wedding we told them 48 people plus 2 dj and 2 photographers .
the photographers and djs would eat hamburgers and a drink for about 25 each .
so here is the kicker on the contract they put 52 people total which was correct as per our count .
48 people invited and 4 workers at a discount price .
when the weeding was over at the end of the night when we are drinking and having a great time they gave us the contract and it said 52 total people attended .
so we signed it .
cool , our cards were charged we closed out and we were gone .
until about july 07 when they charged an additional 936.00 dollars .
so i called the hotel and asked why the charge well they said we signed the contract for 52 people i said correct .
48 people plus the 4 workers .
they told me that the reason was that they forgot to add the 4 plates at 234.00 each .
i was like what ; those people are part of the job which was supposed to be charged at the quoted price of 25.00 each as per our emails .
even with our email backup they refused to give us our money back .
they said that we signed the contract for 52 and that charges were correct .
this was completely done on purpose as they didn?? break down the amount of people so after that fact they can come back and charge an extra 936.00.
i have to say also that security was really bad there things were missing and in the own complex cars were left without tires all 4 tires .
i just want to let people know to be very careful when booking with this hotel and check the taxes and all other hidden fees that they have .
also if you have to buy souvenirs best to buy at the airport if not you will get ripped off .
the food in the hotel in no way real spanish puerto rican food .
so if you are going to the hotel and expect real spanish food forget it and i know i am puerto rican and lived most of my life there .
well good luck to all .
so much more happened but not enough space i could write a book on the whole process . rgdseric 
terrible hotel all around terrible hotel .
bad service , outdated room , mediocre food and way overpriced for everything .
the outdoor hot tub had cold water !
i would never stay here again .
save your $$$ this hotel is really not worth it .
extremely poor facilities - the funicular was working only occasionally and the room that i stayed in is in no way spectacular - most hampton inns are much nicer . everything was overpriced for one reason - once you are on the resort you have absolutely no choice but pay their prices .
if you want to buy a 2 liter of soda at the small convenience store expect to pay $4.50 with tax included .
a club sandwich - $12. cab ride to san juan to avoid these prices - $100/ each way . and if paying these prices were not enough , the service might have been even worse .
it seemed as if the staff was put out for doing their job but they sure did expect the large tips ! my recommendation , find another hotel ( this one is 2 stars at best ) .
overpriced and unbearably rude staff the grounds and amenities of this resort are absolutely stunning , but it is incredibly overpriced .
my boyfriend and i went during the off - season so we got a great deal on a room with an ocean view , and there were very few guests at the hotel .
but eating and drinking at the hotel was ridiculously expensive for medicore food and unbearably bad service .
from the minute we checked in , every staff member at el conquistador was impolite and rude .
the the staff made us feel like they were doing us a favor by serving us overpriced drinks and food .
beauiful location but . . . extremely expensive , billing problems etc . ! ! ! okay so . . . .the resort is beautiful , absolutely beautiful .
my now husband and i went to get married along with our closest family and friends .
we were promised amenities that to this day we still have not received .
everything was expensive !
we were charged double by the front desk for the transportation and still have not been reimbursed even after we have given proof that we were charged twice and they tell you that the transportation from the airport to the resort is 30, that is a lie .
it took over an hour for us to get there one way .
at least three of our friends were wrongly charged on their bills , some of which are still not resolved and somehow they mixed up our bill with my parents '.
then , over a month after the wedding and our return here , my mother and i both noticed charges on our credit cards from el conquistador , they said they were charges for things that had not posted yet , they said they were incidentals but did not say what they were and did not reimburse the money in its entirety .
this was a horrible experience and i would not recommend it !
3 star resort with 5 star prices ! !
i was attentding a company event in february 2007, other than the weather the rest of the stay was way below par for what this hotel charged for everything . the rooms were supposed to be rennovated which they were in early ikea , plastic laminate floors in the bathrooms . they were very noisy you could here the person in the next room snoring . the service was terrible and of course no beach and the private island is totally over rated .
a hamburger was $16.00 us .
this is not a four seasons .
save your money and book any where but here .
ron , toronto , canada 
this place is a dump i stayed at the el conquistador in feb 2007 and was shocked how much of a dump this hotel was .
after entering the lobby you notice the cracks in the walls and columns and how everything is completely dated .
when we were shown into our rooms which cost close to $500/night , i had no words to describe how disgusting it was ( bulbs were burnt out , large dark stains on the furniture , curtains ripped , sheets had dirt/dried particles , once white towels were dingy grey , and the bathroom were gross ( faucets did not look even wiped down and fingerprint marks/dried liquids were visible ) .
in addition the food was gross .
when i returned to work , i found out a coworker also stayed at this resort and had a similar experience .
do not stay here - - spare your hard earned money . . .
this place is run down and has very poor service .
i had better furniture in my fraternity house .
this place is tired and needs much improvement to be worth the price of admission .
the staff is poor and most of the restaurants are of equal quality .
i would have been better off staying at a motel 6. . . . stay at your own risk . . .
do not waste your money - listen to these reviews i tried to be optomistic and not listen to the crummy reviews .
i had a cheap rate ( $155 per night ) through the hotel directly and thought it could not be all that bad .
well , it was awful .
the rooms are certainly dumpy .
i could have lived with that , if the hotel had not been in such a transition . the lobby and pool are still maintained well .
the palomino island was nice but again , deserted and a little bazaar .
only about 20 people were there .
i saw fire alarms not functioning and smashed and broken .
the furnicular had the engine cover propped open throughout our stay .
yes , i wondered if everything was really mechanically sound .
it is obvious that they are running on half staff at the moment as they have no clientele and are running with a skeleton crew .
i went 1 week prior to xmas with 7 family members .
the hotel is undergoing an entire multi - million dollar face lift .
in 2008 i will not be able to afford it .
it will be the most outstanding property on the island .
however , at the moment , the hotel is just trying to get by with a few bookings and running on minimal capacity .
it is a ghost town .
the stores are closed most of the time , the resturants are spookily empty .
many things are just not up  running at the moment as they go through this transition .
yes , the staff are pleasant , but the hotel lacks spirit or a fun environment .
it is completely dead !
it was the holiday season and i expected a little holiday music , island festivities etc . . . zip , nada , zero .
pretty depressing .
long story short - after 2 odd nights , we shipped out to the san juan caribe hilton for the same price .
whoa , we were greeted with salsa music in the lobby and steel drums by the pool .
i realized , i had stayed at the el con too long and should have left immediately .
wasted money - el conquistador resort  we visted the el conquistador resort  golden door spa in may 2006.
it is not the lavish resort advertized on it 's web site .
instead , the room decor is shabby at best .
additionally , there was mildew in the grout of nearly all the tiles in both the entryways and bathrooms .
the carpets were stained and dirty .
the air circulation vents were covered with mold , meaning that when air was circulated , mold spores would also be circulated throughout the room and inhaled by the occupants - a health hazard , particularly for those with asthma or allergies .
the hotel changed our room several times and all were in similar condition . the air conditioning and satellite television went out several days prior to our arrival and was not repaired during our stay .
it was 100 degrees during the day and 85 degrees at night .
we were in a room that was at the base of the cliff on the marina .
the resort uses funiculars ( elevators ) to move guests from the base of the cliff to the other levels of the resort .
there are only two of these and one was out of service , meaning that we waited outside in 100 degree heat for more than a half hour to catch one .
elevators were also chronically out of service . positives : we found the staff to be the most courteous we have ever encounted .
the private island is lovely . we were miserable .
we left the resort several days early .
the resort agreed to issue a full refund for the entire stay , but once we returned home we found out that they only refunded a portion of our stay .
we would never return to this resort or recommend it to anyone .
inconsistent hotel with tired decor first the positives :1.
the employees at the hotel are very nice and want to assist you . now the negatives :1.
hotel decor is tired and run down .
( renovation is starting this year )2.
constantly getting charged for little things : a . local call to a walgreens ended up being $25 on phone bill .
hotel explained that it was the transfer charge from phone co
call was 1 mile awayb .
charge to use the gym was $25 per day .
the hotel did have a free gym .
but the equipment was so bad and out of commission that the nicer gym on premises charges $25 per day .
they should be embarrassed by the free gymc .
on palomino island a charge for a cup of water from the tap ? d .
hotel shuttle from airport $30 per heade .
luggage tranfer fee on bill when checking out $20 at check in and $20 at check out .
i did not realize this and tipped the bell hop separately .3.
food choices were expensive and not that good .
average dinner for two was running $200 at one of the 4 restaurants that were open .
there are also 3 pool bar/marina bar type places for burger/beer and dinner for two there ( burger and beers for two ) $80.
also food was rather bland and boring at all places4.
very few palces to sit and read a book quitely .
there is music blaring at the main pools .
construction going on around the mid level pools and constant boat engine noise at lower pools . . . .there is an infinity pool in las casitas section that is really nice , but was told this is only for people in casitas section .
i still stayed and read my book .
the staff was pleasant about it .5.
beach access is via a ride down the funicular onto a 20 minute boat ride and last boat out is 3pm , last return is 5pm .
that romantic sunset walk on the beach is out of the question as there is no beach available after 5. you need to plan ahead to be at the beachi have stayed at many nice resorts and hotels around the world .
this is the first negative review i have written , but felt that strongly about my stay that i had to write 
thumbs down to this one . . . . beautiful grounds !
when we first checked in , they gave us a room . . . .it was disgusting !
not cleaned from the previous visitor : towels everywhere , bed not made , garbage all over the room .
the second room was another disaster !
mildew all over the shower walls , the tub was so dirty , i wore flip - flops to shower .
and to top it off , the ceiling leaked 3 of the 6 nights we were there .
the food and drink was outrageously expensive !
the golden spa was not very organized !
i ended up not getting a massage because the front desk messed up my appointment !
not a satisfied customer on this end .
we spent so much money to stay at this resort . . . . . i would not recommend this one to anyone !
thumbs down ! ! ! !
very disappointed just to let you know before i begin my brief review , i had been to this resort twice in the past ( and i would have given it an excellent rating those two times ) .
upon returning this time , i was extremely disappointed .
the grounds seem to be falling into severe disrepair , with little being done about it ( you may not notice this as much if you 've never been there ) .
the service was horrible for the amount of money we were spending there . . . waiting for food in restaurants was anywhere from 1 - 1 1/2 hours .
the rooms were less than stellar ( mine actually had mold coming out of the vents ) .
arrived at the airport on the el conquistador shuttle to go home and they did not put our luggage on the bus .
we barely made our flight after much yelling at resort manager on duty . the only nice aspect was the weather !
low 80s and sunny every day .
the resort is no longer owned by wyndham and going through a trasition phase , and this is extremely obvious to those staying there .
so bad it was actually funny where to start ?
deluxe ocean view rooms were directly above staff parking lot , with staff entrance immediately below our private balcony .
air conditioner did not work at all in one room , and flooded the foor and rug in the other so that mildew odor became unbearable .
calls to front desk and hotel manager meant 15 minutes on hold - - and generally surly , unpleasant explanations that we must be operating the airconditioning improperly .
the food was truly ghastly - - everything deep fried , dried out and oversalted to the point of being inedible ( except for the buffet breakfast - - fantastically expensive , but in offensive and the pizzas at one cafe , which we lived on during our interminable stay .
the place was dirty , dingy and musty .
vactioner beware .
the worst vacation place this had to be the worst place we ever stay at .
we arrive there very excited looking around the grounds , were very beautiful and got a nice welcome and then the nightmare began .
we went to check in to our suppose to be villa looking over the gardens which was a parking lot , no restaurants open , nothing in villa not even a bottle of water and had to walk to main hotel which was a hike to get something .
we check out the next day , and move to the ritz carlton in san juan .
we were charge for breakfast that was suppose to be including with room .
everything we were told about this hotel was a lie , even the help said since the new owners , no one knows what they are doing and did not blame us for leaving .
be careful if you are considering this hotel its not what it seems like , the villas are time share apartments , that are dirty with nothing inside , and there was no room service as promised , no restaurnt , no pool towels , or food or drinks around pool , no restaurant , no internet connection i could go on and on anything you see in the advertisement on computer was not there .
supper rude people  this is our 2nd time at this resort .
1st was in 2003- we were disappointed that time .
but last month we decided to give it another try .
my husband  i decided to give it 1 more try about this hotel .
but to our disappointment it was the same expensive and very rude  clueless people .
it was our 10th wedding anniversary .
the bellman was lazy , we have arranged that our luggage to be delivered to our room when it is ready , while we went and visit some friends who were staying at another resort .
when we got to our room later that night , i called for our luggage because they have not brought it to our room , we have to go get our luggage ourselves , i was so tired of waiting for the bellman .
the 1st night our bed was kind a lumpy and theres hairs on the bathroom floors so the next day we asked for another room , the room that we finally move was in a better location and the bed felt a lot better than the 1st one but , there were hairs behind the refrigerator and the refrigerator was filthy .
i was so grossed out that my husband had to cleaned it so we can use it .
the maid does not really clean the room , i think they only come in and changed the towels .
food was super pricey but tastelike a fast food , the waiter 1 time can not get my order for the 1st  2nd time .
by the time my dinner came my husband food was cold .
one time at one of the restaurant i asked the waitress for a glass of water she said she was busy , and the other waitress swho said she supposed to never came back .
people who give this resort a good reviews probably had not been to the west coast , hawaii or mexico where real nice people and service is excellent .
we travels a lot about 5x a year for pleasure and to relax worldwide .
the setting  structure of the resort is really breath taking but service is the worst that i have ever experienced and room are terrible very dirty .
will not ever recommend this resort to anybody - i might if i really hate that person .
the spa was nice - so relaxing that was the best of our stay .
other than that this resort need to send all the staff for hotel  restaurant management  service courses and classes .
do not do it !
if you are going to puerto rico and have heard el conquistador is the place to go , do not do it !
despite just some of the many issues we had with the hotel ; rats in the hallways , cockroaches and gnats in the rooms , over - priced food , dirty swimming pools , strange aromas adrift in the hallways and rooms , the hour and a half wait for a ferry ride to the private island beach ( the only beach nearby ) , the three hour $60 hotel shuttle ride from the airport to the resort ( which rendered our suitcases and clothing wet ) , the $75 charge the hotel wanted to charge us to check out an hour late ( even though they had a 50% occupancy at that point ) , our lost dry - cleaning ( which was eventually found ) , and erroneous charges on the bill . . . the biggest concern is that the staff is , for the most part , extremely rude , shows no urgency to meet your needs , and is very inconsistent in what they tell you .
a few examples : the main atm the hotel has is in the lobby .
a few folks from our party had tried to use the atm but it was not dispensing any cash .
they had asked the front desk if something was wrong with it , but got no response .
a day later , one of the people in our party was checking their bank account , and $500 was shown as being withdrawn at the atm .
other folks checked and sure enough money was missing from their account as well .
when folks approached the hotel front desk about this concern they were told that it was not their issue and it had to be addressed directly with the bank .
we had taken a dive trip on the second day we arrived .
we had a great time and three other folks in our party were convinced to take the resort certification and do a dive trip with the resort dive shop a few days later .
one of the dive masters , which we had not had on the trip before , was completely rude , sarcastic , and impatient with the new divers , which is undoubtedly a dangerous situation .
when these folks had submerged below water , things got much worse to the point that one of the people we were with had decided not to take the second dive .
they were ignored and at some points felt in danger .
besides this , at one point , there was a child snorkeling without a life vest who had gone a ways to far who was having trouble breathing .
since our dive master was too busy doing her own thing , one of the people in our party had to swim out to get this child .
we had called to inquire on the time the airport shuttle left the hotel for the aiport on our way home .
we were told that there was a shuttle every 20 minutes .
when we arrived to the lobby , we were surprised to learn that the shuttle actually leaves every hour , which put us in jeopardy of missing our flight .
when i had told the person at the front desk that i was told every 20 minutes , she was very confrontative and combatitive about who i had asked and that no one would tell me that at the hotel . the issues do not stop at the trip .
good luck calling to get another copy of your detailed bill .
when we called in for this invoice , we were put on hold for at least 30 minutes because no one wanted to help us with this .
we had to call in again and were promised the bill within 10 minutes , to which we have yet to receive . again , if you have heard the el conquistador is the way to go , do not do it !
quite honestly , i would even second think going to puerto rico at all .
inside theft ring . . . stay away from the hotel i was one of several guests staying at the wyndham el conquistador casita village for an event at the hotel .
several guest had their rooms robbed of money hidden in various , inconspicuous places .
one guest had $600 taken from their locked safe .
their key was hidden in the bottom of their suitcase .
they never take all of what might be left in the room .
what they take is a portion of your money - enough to question if you 've spent it or inadvertently misplaced it .
several reports were filed with the police and the hotel claims to have done an investigation and found no fault with their staff and is not liable . so , in other words folks , spend thousands to stay at this hotel , walk 3 miles to get to the beach , have money stolen from your locked safe or suitcase and then be told that you should never leave money in your room !
several guest left the hotel prior to their departure date , fearful of what else could happen .
please , please do yourself a favor and not waste your time vacationing at an establishment that clearly has a well - established , inside theft ring designed to place the traveler at fault ! ! !
not worth the price we were having a family vacation - -16 in all .
the grounds and the oceanfront were beautiful . i enjoyed the sea breeze restaurant for lunch - -would be great if it was open for dinner .
they were open for dinner some nights but with a mediocre buffet - -and high prices for what you got . there was mold that had a terrible smell in my son and daughter in laws room .
this resort is in the hospitality business and i do not think they really get it . i do not mind paying high prices if you get what you pay for .
caneel bay , galley bay , jumby bay , cap juluca but i feel i was taken big time . we ate at the grille .
food was good .
but it took a painfully long time to get since our dinner reservation was at 8:30.
after that we were to take the shuttle back ( runs every 10 minutes ) .
an hour latter it arrived .
the group on the bus went en masse to the manager to complain .
the manager on call that night was combative and wanted us to talk to the shuttle company - -passing it off .
the next day another manager comped the shuttle group 20% off their dinner and a free transfer back to the airport . i was never so glad to get back from a vacation . a little entertainment - -they have three to four beach sweepers the hotel has hired to clean the beach .
they are looking for your valuables .
they go around shaking out towels ( not there job ) hoping some valuables will fall to the sand where a big , fat guy sweeps it up .
very disappointing the main reason i chose this particular resort was the kids club , due to the activities they promote online , although the $75 per day per child ( additional children are $65 per day ) seemed high .
when the reality is that other than 15 minutes spent feeding iguana?? , the children are kept inside making bead bracelets and painting picture framers while their adult supervisors surf the internet , this was a poor choice .
the rooms were clean , and the staff very friendly , but balancing that off was an unchanging menu ( over a 10 day stay ) , $10.50 drinks ( we went to a grocery store and bought a bottle for $12, which lasted the remaining 8 days ) , and spa rates were double what i happily pay in comparable resorts in mexico - $90 for a pedicure , and $140 for a massage . i was horribly disappointed and obviously , will not be returning .
never again ! ! my husband and i have been blessed and fortunate to travel a few places over the pass few years .
i do not think we are very picky . . . but comfort , safety and cleanliness is a must for us . i did my research prior to arriving at the hotel .
there fore , i kinda was embracing my self for the worst and hoping for the best .
the location of the hotel is great , it 's bit hidden and secluded which is great if you want to just get away .
we spend two nights in old san juan and wanted to spend the last two nights more relax . we checked in and everything went very well . .my husband was confused at the direction that was given to him regarding the location of the self park .
( huh ! ! ) .
it 's just not that easy and simple given that was our fist time at this hotel . i asked for an upgrade , since the hotel was not packed to capacity and we learned that 600 conventioneers checked out on the day we checked in .
yes we were given an upgrade to ocean view . the view was gorgeous !
nothing else was great except for the view . well . . . . . the room was like a ice box , everything damp and freezing cold .
we turned off the air conditioner , went out for dinner .
returned to the room and showered , shower drained clogged , bath towel filthy with hair . oh my gosh ! ! how much worst can it possible get ?
well . .the room was now a bit warm .
we attempted to turn the air on . .it started to smoke and would not turned on .
after calling the manager attention to it , he send two engineers to the room .
the first one stated the shower drain was not clogged the water just moved slow ! ! huh ! !
the second engineer stated the motto in the air conditioned is going bad .
he was very nice , he called and asked that we transfer to another room . .this was now 1am @ night ! !they send a bell hop , he was so great . (1:30am ) .he made a request for another upgrade for the inconvenience .
he took us to another room that was supposed to be an upgrade ! ! well , it was bigger room , but shower were still clogged . .air did work , rooms were not cleaned . the bell hop went and asked the manager on duty jose to do something else for us for the inconvenience ! !
we honestly did not want any thing other than to hurry and get away from this place of flit !
jose offered us breakfast or lunch . we would not return if it was given to us for free ! the staff and people of the hotel was great and friendly ! ! jose was great in trying to make us feel better .
that we were so grateful for and said a special thank you to him as a person . rio mar . .no thanks . .aw - full ! ! !
never again visited this resort with 5 other families it was so disappointing for kids and adults .
not a very exciting pool , very small slide .
one basketball hoop for the kids .
one outside tiki bar with absolutely no entertainment not even a radio , staff so unfriendly .
not an inviting beach and watersports ex : jet skiies , kayak , sailboats old and rundown .
rooms smelled and rundown looking , balcony paint chipped everywhere .
we all could not find one positive thing about this so called resort .
we checked out of the hotel after 3 days and moved to the el conquistador resort and all 5 families had a fantastic vacation ! ! ! !
lock your valuables ! ! ! just stayed here for a business function .
cleaning staff went through our belongings and stole valuables .
security/management were no help at all .
service was consistent with the rest of the island . . . .atrocious ! ! ! food was awful . . . and that is if you can actually find a restaurant that is open .
typically , only 2 of their 8 restaurants are open for dinner . do not just avoid this hotel , avoid puerto rico altogether !
really unenjoyable pr vacation - rio mar just returned from a week 's vacation at the rio mar in pr with 2 of our children and 4 granchildren and 2 inlaws with 2 other children (8 adults and 6 children in total ) .
we were part of a modest sized group .
on a scale of 1 to 10, our opinion , two .
first , we were to have received a lower group rate of $369 a night , however , what no one told us is that the hotel adds on a resort service fee 8% , so the room is about $30 more per night .
this hidden charge is , in our opinion calculated to fool the traveller and we believe is unethical and dishonest , since the room charge is not $369 but $369 plus $29.52 per night .
the hotel also added a bellman charge , but did not advise us when we checked in so we unnecessarily also tipped the bellman .
also added in was a room housekeeping gratuity charge , which we were also not advised of but discovered when we asked for the bill the night before checking out .
we also discovered one of our rooms ( we had 4) was overcharged because of a mistake , but the night manager would not attend to it at the time and since we were leaving at 5 am the next day there was nothing that we could do .
the night manager was less than helpful and we do not expect much more from the hotel manager , mark stevenson , whom we will send the information contained herein .
the hotel staff appeared to be more concerned with attending to a convention group of 600 there at the same time than our modest sized group as well as small groups or individuals .
worst yet was the meal service : lunch at the hotel .
a patio restaurant .
if you were served in less than an hour after you gave your order ( and you had to sit at a table to give an order since they would not take the order in advance ) you could consider yourself among the fortunate .
staff alternated between unconcerned or could care less .
a turkey burger sandwich with a piece of tomato that was inedible and not ripe .
dinner - although the actual food in the restaurants was tasty , the kitchen was either understaffed or incompetent .
we made advance reservations at 3 restaurants for each night there and the earlest we were served was in the japanese ( an hour ) .
the other two ( the italian and fish restaurants ) averaged from an hour and a quarter to over an hour and a half after we gave our order .
by the time the food came the children were tired and cranky , the parents were also the same and the experience was more unpleasant each day .
moreover , we made reservations at the early time of 6 p . m and were one of the first ones in eacfh restaurant so we could get moderately quick service - if we had come later i think a sleeping bag would have been necessary .
rooms were clean and fine and housekeeping staff was excellent .
golf course staff helpful .
but these positives could not overcome all the negatives .
all in all , if i had a choice for a vacation resort in pr , it would not be the rio mar and i an inclined to think this is a wyndham problem also so we will make it our business to avoid the wyndham chain in the future .
horrible in almost every way this hotel is a total rip - off .
they charge hidden fees of $30 per night , so be aware that when you book your room , it 's the price of the room plus $30 each night , plus $15 per day for parking .
they say it 's standard in puerto rico , but when the resort is so inconvenient in so many ways , it 's difficult to justify what the $30 is for . firstly , there are no signs to get to the main lobby .
the first night we were there we wandered around for an hour trying to find check - in .
we ended up in the condo section of the resort before finally making our way to the front desk which is really buried in the middle of the hotel on the second floor . secondly , they try to rip you off for the tours .
they charge $50 per person for a rainforest tour that actually costs $3 each .
luckily we had rented a car for $13 per day from hotwire so we did not get sucked into the resort 's crazy prices for tours .
the bacardi tour is free and they charge $45 per person .
the bio bay and snorkeling were triple the actual price .
there is no reason for this extreme price gouging . it took us over 30 minutes to get out of the resort every single day because of the complicated parking policies .
they make guests get a ticket validated before leaving , and that means waiting in line .
after getting the ticket validated ( which requires going outside ) , we would trek another 5 minutes to the elevator and then wait about 15 minutes for the elevator to arrive .
half the time , the elevator was broken .
they would not upgrade us to an oceanview room even though they were only at 40% capacity , simply because we did not book through them directly ( we used hotwire ) .
i find that kind of elitist attitude really repulsive . they did not provide a lifeguard on the beach ( what was my $30 a day paying for again ? ) , which is very dangerous , especially with young children . the pool slide was closed , as was the casino , as were most of the restaurants .
some of the staff were pissy and annoyed whenever we would ask questions .
the resort is very confusing to get around in , as there are no signs anywhere .
the restaurant prices were laughable , but we got around that by buying tons of food at amigo down the street , as well as wine and beer .
for $50 a person for the week , we ate like kings at lunch and breakfast .
for dinners we ate at cheap local joints and even had a few dinners in our room that we made in the microwave .
we would make our own drinks every night .
housekeeping never restocked our water , so we got a case from the grocery store , as well as coffee . i wrote a letter to the hotel expressing my displeasure at these issues , and so far have not heard a word back .
overall , i was extremely disappointed .
staff is well - trained in the art of saying no - avoid this hotel our stay at the rio mar was quite a disappointment .
these feelings were further enhanced after we visited the el conquistador and were overwhelmed by the experience of a true luxury resort .
i highly recommend at least visiting the el conquistador if you are not able to stay there .
the rio mar is a very poorly managed hotel .
the front desk staff appeared to be bombarded with complaints .
upon check - in they first tried to assign us an absolutely appalling room .
the furniture appeared to be quite old and dilapidated , while the room reeked with a musty odor .
after complaining , they moved us into a room that was a bit more modern , but still was not anything special .
the staff at the massive dining facilities were horrible .
they seemed lost in their own worlds , joking amongst each other while ignoring the patrons .
we were only able to get service after asking for the managers .
eventually , we reached the conclusion that we needed to contact the manager immediately upon entering the dining room to ensure good service .
the check - in and check - out process was slow and disorganized .
i definitely would not stay here again .
the hotel needs a complete overhaul if it were to best suit the needs of sophisticated travelers .
not the place to stay !
although housed in a nice building and grounds , there were major problems at the westin rio mar .
first , you are in the middle of nowhere !
that would be fine as they advertise that they have several on site restaurants .
most were not open on weekdays though and that left us with few eating options .
one night we were forced to eat peanut butter sandwiches in our room . our second problem with the rio mar is the lack of cleanliness inside and out including the beach which always had a ton of garbage along the shoreline .
our room was only given a quick once over each day and were not clean on arrival or any day that we stayed .
beautiful hotel , horrible service this hotel left alot to be desired . when we arrived , the valet did not want to take the car .
i pulled the suitcases from the car and watched as my daughter (9 years old ) struggled to carry her bag up the steps while 3 bellhops watched her and continued their conversation . we arrived to check in to find our rooms were not ready .
we were told to change into bathing suits in the bathrooms next to the check - in desk .
we went to the pool to find it had film floating on top of the water and vomit .
when we were allowed into the room , it was nice . the next day we enjoyed some of the facilities .
at 4pm , we returned to the room to find that it was still not made up .
we called to have it prepared and an hour later someone came up . the pool still had the same issues as before even after several people complained . the next day we used the cabana , since it was included in the package .
someone dropped off the sodas and water in the morning and we never saw him again . the pool still had the mysterious film . we had lunch at a beachside bar .
it took 1 hour to bring a $13.50 chicken salad sandwich . later that day , we went to the room to find it was not ready at 5pm and when i called , the operator asked , what do you want me to do ?
then they cleaned the room and did not bring toiletries .
i called again but no one dropped of the shampoo .
i had to drive to a store to get shampoo . to get the car out of the valet was an experience .
it took on average 15-30 minutes to get the car and the valet gave me a dirty look as i handed him the key .
the next day we complained to the manager who did try to help .
she agreed the service was so bad , the offered us 20000 starwood points and wipe out all room charges .
we left .
while leaving , the bell staff made sure the service was good .
this angered me more because this showed that the hotel was not properly supervising its employees . the kids camp was good , the casino was good , but they could not make up for what was the worst experience my family ever had on a vacation .
save your money !
my husband and i stayed at the hotel from march 17-21 for our honeymoon .
the hotel shuttle kept us along with other passengers waiting 45 mins and then after after leaving the airport went back for other passengers who were taking thier time .
the hotel is a good 45 mins away from the airport .
when we arrived at the hotel , the gave us a room with two double beds overlooking the parking lot and drop off to the hotel .
this is what the hotel considers a mountain view .
after another 30 minute wait , we spoke with the manager who initially told us that was all they had and it was a family hotel so king beds were scarce .
miraculously a room with a king bed was found only overlooking the corner of the parking lot .
every morning starting at 6am we awoke to people walking above us , doors slamming constantly , toilets flushing incessantly , and people from the parking lot shouting .
this is every morning .
we are from manhattan so we are used to noise .
the hotel looks nice but that is deceptive because it was obviously built on the cheap .
concierge sent a bottle of chardonnay over at dinner but that could not and did not make up for the aggravation .
the hotel staff always greeted you with a smile but at $450 a night and the restaurants and drinks pretty expensive , with all the aggravation we will never return to any westin hotel .
and yes , we did ask for another room but they hotel was booked solid .
beware ! beware !
beware ! - any seasoned traveler will hate it ( some context - my family and i travel a lot - 30+ countries - all 50 us states .
we stay in high end as well as budget accommodations and measure a great stay based upon the quality and delight of the overall experience relative to what is advertised/how expectations are set ) this is no 4-5 star property and it is a crime that westin is charging what they do .
a tired facility that looks to be 30 years old ( rather than 10) , a staff that is both non - responsive , uninterested , and seem to suffer from low employee morale , a general absence of management oversight , and a series of unfulfilled promises made our stay at the westin rio mar one of the worst we 've ever had .
our list of disappointments were long : on the staff - the best way to describe it is that generally the first answer is no or to ignore whatever requested might be made - towels to the room , a glass of water at the table , dinner reservations , whatever .
the management layer is slightly better , but employee training and morale seems very low .
as examples - 3 calls to the front desk from the states to confirm room types , our reservation was botched when we arrived .
the front desk had one person working at it with 5 in the backroom ignoring the long check in line .
our fix on our room was easy to do - the hotel had plenty of open rooms , but it required getting a manager .
when we got in our room , the bathrooms had not been cleaned , the shower had mold in it , and there were dead flowers in the vases .
we had no towels , robes , etc .
two calls to the front desk to request towels went unfulfilled .
this was all in the first 2 hours of arrival .
the remainder of the 5 day stay was more of the same .
calls for room service , mini bar keys , water , working internet , whatever , pretty much required 2 or 3 calls .
these were not additive requests , but things that were supposed to be there in the first place .
the facilities were banged up , rugs were stained and dirty , walls had scuffs and dents from carts and use .
westin advertises tons of activities and facilities , but many of them seem to be old , retired , or missing .
one of the pool bars is closed down , some of the play equipment was missing - none of the staff could locate .
several of the restaurants are closed as well .
at dinner an arm fell off of the chair i was sitting in - instead of being surprised the waiter said he knew it was broken and just switched the chair to another table .
our list goes on and on , but the picture should be clear .
if this was priced as a modest 3 star hotel , it could have been a delightful bargain where all of the mishaps and grunge could have been ignored .
if you want to run with the four and five star hotels , however , then you better have it together .
westin rio mar is a has - been hotel 
lied too the whole trip first arrived on 12/27/06.
was put over the matientenance garage with absolutely no view .
i booked 2 oceanfront rooms .
was told not to unpack they would move us in the morning , that they were overbooked and sorry .
would fix the propblem and move us next day .
went back next day only to be told the rooms werent ready untill 3:00 pm we would have our rooms then .
at that time we went back to front dest to be moved and was told we did not have oceanfront but oceanview rooms booked .
we fought with them showing them the confirmation stating oceanfront and we did not appreciated being called liers . the only ones that had been lieying was them .
went back to room and called orbitz they said they had confirmation from hotel for oceanfront .
and called while we were on the phone with them .
the manager would not come to the phone for orbitz . . this is our third night over the maintenance garage and my whole trip thus far has been ruined with fighting with hotel to be moved from the basement watching the work trucks park next to our room .
i have 7 more nights here and am miserable .
would not come back here if thet paid me too .
this if fraudulent .
i paid for 2 expensive rooms and here i set watching the work trucks , we are not the only people here trying to get the rooms we paid for .
please read this : terrible ! ! ! intro : starwood hotels owns westin , sheraton , and the w hotels ( our favorite ) .
we are starwood preferred guests and have had wonderful experiences at some of these hotels ; my husband works in the travel industry .
we are not snobs , nor are we wealthy people , but our experience at the westin rio mar was . . . terrible .
we 've all read terrible reviews of hotels on these sites .
we read things like air conditioning broken or smelly room or rude staff .
i always take these with a grain of salt ; i tend to think they are either phony reviews , or just written by incredibly picky people who are never happy with anything .
this review , i promise you , is neither .
room : at first , they tried to give us a first floor room next to the pool , but i requested something higher up .
so we were given a room at the back of the hotel , overlooking the ramp where the trucks and buses come in .
the tiled floor had not been vacuumed ; it had long black hairs , crumbs ( dry oatmeal ? ) , and dust .
the rooms feel cold and wet .
at night , the sheets feel like cold wet noodles around your body , and one night after they changed them , they actually stunk of feet , bleach , and mildew .
after complaining ( about a lot more than just the room ) , they did give us an ocean - view room on the 6th floor , but the only thing different was the view .
this time it was the area rug that hadn?? been vacuumed ; you could see white and yellow crumbs against the brown carpet .
the coffee  tea bags next to the coffee - maker were torn open .
there is no mini - fridge to keep cold water or leftover food from the restaurants . restaurants : appalling .
out of 12 restaurants advertised ( half are pool/pub food , and the other half fine dining ) , only 3 were actually open .
there was no indication of this when we booked , or when we arrived .
after winding our way on foot in the dark , through abandoned , un - lit paths , looking for the only puerto rican restaurant on the resort ( it was labeled ??pscale? ? , past abandoned lots with parked trucks and not one other human for 20 minutes , we found a boarded - up restaurant .
disappointed and in disbelief , we walked back to the hotel .
the sushi place was also closed .
the steakhouse was somewhere out on the golf course , but we didn?? want to keep searching in the dark for another restaurant .
( no one told us about the shuttle until our last day . )
there was an italian place , but we didn?? travel from new york to puerto rico to eat italian food .
the only other thing left was the hotel dining room , marbella , billed as casual/family fare .
people wore tank tops , shorts , and flip - flops , and parked baby strollers near their tables .
we sat for 20 minutes and no one came to take our order .
we got up and left for the italian place , our last resort , but they wouldn?? allow us in because of my husband?? dressy dark jeans , which he paired with a crisp button - down and shiny black dress shoes .
the restaurant only had a few tables full .
although we?? just walked 40 minutes in the dark , only to find closed up restaurants , they had no sympathy .
since the website pictures make it look like a young , trendy , hip hotel with a nightlife and many different types of dining options , my husband did not bring ??lacks . ? ? we complained to the concierge , who gave us a print - out of the only 3 restaurants open at the resort : the dining room , the italian place and the steakhouse out on the golf course??nd the last two didn?? allow jeans !
all she could do was escort us back down to the dining room , and give us a complimentary meal ( only she kept saying it like it was coming out of her own pocket and expected us to be grateful ) .
she began speaking spanish to the maitre - d , i guess explaining the situation , but being that the staff is supposed to speak english , it was very disrespectful not knowing what they were saying about us .
thankfully , there were two or three latin - influenced dishes on the menu , and they were very tasty .
had that not been the case , we would have left the next day .
on our last day , we decided to have lunch in the dining room before our shuttle left for the airport .
but they were not serving any meals because of a convention buffet .
when we asked the concierge about it , she told me that being a friday , it was going to be pretty hard to find a place to eat lunch . staff : generally slow  annoyed that you are there .
waiters/waitresses slowly pad and saunter around the restaurants or grounds , the way i pad around my kitchen on a sunday morning with my coffee .
when walking around the pool/beach areas with their trays , they actually turn their heads when you try to make eye contact .
we were not served once while sitting by the pool or beach , although we would have loved to be .
at the dining room , marbella , the waiter never came to take our order , and just left us sitting there .
this happened on two different nights .
one morning at the breakfast buffet , i waited patiently for someone to come over to the omelette station and make me an omelette .
finally when the cook slowly sauntered out from the back , she just sighed and stared at me as if i were interrupting her day of relaxation .
when she finished making my omelette of orange artificial egg mixture , she put a large handful of cold shredded cheese on it , and looked away over her shoulder to talk to someone while folding it over and onto my plate .
of course the omelette opened right back up again like a raw pizza , and i had to stand there and press it down myself with a clean plate , trying desperately to melt the cold cheese .
the best part ?
other staff members see you struggling with something or being ignored , and they just look away and continue talking with each other in clusters .
finally , on our last day while waiting for our shuttle to take us to the airport , i asked the head bellman whether the shuttle that was sitting out front was going to the airport , or to the golf course .
he said to the golf course .
but a minute later , the bus driver jumped off the bus and began loading luggage into the back of it .
when we asked the driver about it , he said it was in fact going to the airport .
i guess the bellman did not care whether i made it home .
he just wanted to shut me up , a very common attitude at this hotel . beach : we were told the ocean was both atlantic and carribean combined .
this was not true ; the beach was no different from any atlantic beach , similar to miami : crashing waves swirling with brown cloudy sand .
the lounge chairs are made of hard wicker and are extremely uncomfortable , leaving marks on your skin even when covered with two towels .
while drifting to sleep listening to the ocean waves , staff circle you in noisy trucks that stink of exhaust , picking up any empty chairs , no matter how close they are to where you??e lying , and piling them toward the back of the beach .
also , loud electric weed trimmers disturb your peaceful relaxation .
the smell of gasoline permeates the air .
i guess they were trying to get a head start on cleaning up so they could go home early ?
pool : there are two pools : the larger , family pool , and the smaller quiet pool with waterfall .
despite the gigantic sign ( in both spanish and english ) clearly indicating the rules ( no horseplay , no children under 12 without adult , no running , etc . ) the quiet pool was filled with young children and teenagers loudly playing around , tackling , throwing balls hard at each other , running , climbing , and doing somersaults off the waterfall .
no one - -parents , staff , etc . - - seemed to notice or care .
guests : the majority of guests are either locals , or puerto ricans from new york .
during the day , the pools and ocean were somewhat full , but at night , we would take walks outside or through the hotel , and we just wouldn?? see any other people .
it felt lonely and sad being the only ones sitting on the veranda having drinks .
we wondered where all the guests were .
it was eerie . region : the stretch between san juan and the ??own? ? of
rio grande is littered with decaying shacks and , ironically , brand new strip malls stuffed with kfcs , subways , and burger kings??ll alongside an obnoxious 4- lane highway jammed with traffic , connecting to a new 6- lane interstate .
you can reach the el yunque rainforest after driving through an impoverished , decaying neighborhood , but we couldn?? find any trails or waterfalls or places to pull off and explore . time of year : they say that it was off - season when we went ; we couldn?? understand why .
we had asked a friend who is from the dominican republic whether july/august was an okay time to go .
she said ( and our research confirmed ) that hurricane season is actually may??ctober , and plenty of people vacation to the carribean in summer .
the weather was gorgeous : balmy , low - to - mid 80s , and mostly sunny .
we didn?? understand how this could be a factor in any of the things we experienced .
but the staff liked to use it a lot as an excuse .
i can?? tell you how many times we heard , ??t?? off season , so??? ? we have been to many places off - season - -mexico , las vegas , arizona , where the summers are 115 degrees and really quite unpleasant - -and not one thing has ever been closed . the one redeeming factor : old san juan (45 minutes away ) is a beautiful and charming old ??uropean village , ? ? with
cobblestone streets , colorful pastel apartment buildings with wrought - iron balconies , and fabulous restaurants  lounges .
we would have gone there every night to hang out , except that it?? $65 each way by taxi from the hotel .
and don?? try to rent a car from the hotel ; they don?? have any left .
if you rent one from a local car rental place , the hotel will charge you $15 a day just to park it in the hotel garage . the bottom line : as i said earlier , we are not snobs , nor are we wealthy people .
but when we plunk down a couple of thousand hard - earned dollars and go away for a week?? vacation to the carribean at a 4 ? star resort , we expect a certain level of cleanliness , respect , service , and honesty .
we got none of these while staying at the westin rio mar .
they will be hearing from us , but judging by what we??e just witnessed as guests , i don?? know that they??l care .
i was another bedbug victim .
on the second to last night of my stay i was experiencing the worst itching imaginable .
i could not sleep for three consecutive nights .
on my return to new york i was diagnosed by a dermatologist as having a severe case of bed bug assault .
the management was unapologetic and starwood was unhelpful despite more than a dozen phone calls to their management .
even my request for a refund was denied ( i was offered a 3 night future stay at that hotel - i would not go back if they paid me ) .
as it turns out they have been visited by environmental specialists from the puerto rico department of health about this problem .
i would strongly advise anyone considering a stay at westin rio mar to reconsider .
terrible , absolutely terrible .
worst westin experience ever .
we stayed at the westin rio mar in puerto rico for 5 nights in mid - march .
a family of 4, including two young children under 5.
it was terrible , absolutely terrible .
the rooms were shabby and unkept .
we were guaranteed an ocean front room since we are starwood preferred .
however , when we arrived the hotel was at 100% occupancy and we were relegated to a tiny room with a view of the parking lot .
room service took on average an hour .
not fun with two starving toddlers and parents in desperate need of coffee !
housekeeping did not clean our room until we called and complained .
the food was an absolute rip - off and not good .
we drove to old san juan for a day trip .
the trip - thanks to the puerto rican traffic - took almost 2 hours .
from hotel to airport took an hour .
traffic everywhere .
the island is dirty .
we did enjoy our day in the rainforest .
we 've stayed at the westin at our lucaya in the bahamas and would highly recommend that resort .
little trip gone bad i 've been to puerto rico quite a few times and have all ways stayed in san juan .
unfortunately , my friends and i decided to go somewhere different and boy did we regret it . first of all , if you want to stay in an area where there is plenty of night life , you should not be at any hotel in rio grande .
every single local business is closed at around 6pm , which means if you did not rent a car you would be stuck in the hotel in the evenings . check in : it was horrible , the hotel overbooked due to at least three major business conferences .
those of us who were not apart of it were told we had to wait for a room for at least an hour .
those of us who wanted an explanation ( like me ) were either given dinner or cocktail vouchers as an apology .
we waited over a hour and half , and finally they gave us a room overlooking the hotel restaurant 's exhaust fumes and roof , even when i had reserved an ocean view . it was a fortress : the hotel is a gated fortress where if you wanted to walk about the town , you would need to take a bus just to get out of the resort .
do not get me wrong the grounds are very well kept and you can hear the constant song of the native coqui 's .
however , nothing is within walking distance .
good thing we rented a car and drove half and hour every day to san juan for tourist fun . in the end : in the end , i spoke with the day manager and i expressed how unsat this hotel was and that i would never comeback .
he was very nice and and apologetic .
he even gave me a nice discount which helped the overall bill shrink significantly .
i agree .
dont stay here ! ! first off . .the other negative reviews here are correct . . . check in took forver !
i just came back from 4 nights staying there , a business convention was in town and the hotel completely catered to the convention and forgot all about the small people who actually paid to stay there .
the drinks at the bar are expensive !
$8 for a 12oz pina colada . .i would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy .
do not stay at this hotel we stayed here a couple of weeks ago .
what a nightmare ! first off , it took a half hour to check in , which is just wrong at some many levels .
the staff disappears behind this closed door and comes back every 10 minutes or so to give you some sort of bad news .
this hotel advertises 11 restaurants and only 1 or 2 are open each night .
marbella was open every night but its so expensive and the food is subpar .
i got engaged during this trip and we were on cloud 9.
after dealing with the staff at this hotel we were down in the dumps .
my fiance called the front desk to ask where else we could eat since our options were very limited and they hung up on her .
she called back and they hung up and again .
finally , we exploded to management and somehow got 50% taken off the bill .
just because it 's low season , that is no reason for the staff to treat the guests as if they are unwelcome .
this hotel failed to advertise that virtually all of their restaurants would be closed .
this is advertising fraud at its worst because the hotel is being dishonest with every guest who makes the mistake of staying here .
also , there is nothing even close to this hotel worth doing , it 's in the boonies .
we were so disappointed with the hotel and staff that we actually cut the trip short after only a few days and hopped a plane to aruba .
beware of false advertising we stayed here 8 years ago , and had a great time , however much has changed .
should have known we would be in for a troublesome time , after we booked the airport shuttle , and confirmed it the day before , but they still had no record of us arriving .
that was the least of our worries .
although we were upgraded to a junior suite , thanks to amex centurion , the restaurant situation was a complete mess .
although the hotel freely advertises many restaurants , on two nights of our stay , only marbella was open .
on the other three nights , only three of them were open .
we celebrated my wife 's 50th birthday under the very brightly lit marbella restaurant ( i . e .
breakfast and dinner as there was nowhere else open ) eating pizza , which is just a step up from denny 's in the romantic category .
yes , it is overpriced , and they know it , but they have you locked in , as there is nothing else satisfactory in the neighborhood .
had we known about the restaurant situation in advance , we would have gone elsewhere .
they have the ability to post details about restaurant openings/closings on their web site , but they chose not to .
every other guest we spoke to during our stay was discontented .
if my company sold products that did not work as advertised , we would find ourselves in court .
it rained every day , which is not the hotel?? fault , but besides the casino , there is little in the way of entertainment to keep the guests happy .
i understand that it may have been low season , but that is not the guests fault .
the inability of the hotel to provide its advertised services was taken out on the customers .
it?? basically dishonesty and advertising fraud .
rio mar pr just got back from rio mar , it was not good , they lost our reservation and we had called three days before , food very expensive and not worth the price , mildew in the a/c vent as well as the bathroom vent and on the shower curtain and window curtains .
excursons very expensive and the trip to old san juan was just a shuttle that cost $50 pp .
all else was expensive as well , do not recommend this hotel and if any one has a staroowd membershop using pints , watch out , they charged us for the room and this is supposed to be a 4 star hotel and the room was listed an $62.0.
not exactly 4 star rpice , ( this they took off ) , 
worst stay at hotel ever .
this is the worst hotel we have ever stayed at .
the staff was rude !
the pool staff was actually selling the pool chairs with the managers knowledge .
i even complained to starwood the management of the westins and they would not do anything to change thesituation either .
i have to admit that i went into this vacation with my eyes wide open after reading a number of reviews from this website .
it started with the fact that they gave our room away .
never a good way to start off .
they put us in what i belive use to be a utility closet and said they would move us the next day .
what is really frustrating is that , knowing our flight got in late i called the day before to confirm our resevation and to ensure that all was in order .
the next day we were moved and the room looked better and although we booked ocean - front this was still a stretch .
we could barely see the ocean from the fourth floor .
after a terribly unfullfilling dinner at one of the property rest .
i returned to my room only to realize that they placed us directly over the lobby bar .
at 12:30 i was still listening to a very bad version of gloria gainer 's i will survive .
i looked at my husband and said , i do not think i will survive .
i called down to the front desk and told them about the problem , indicating that i was sure my file has a red flag next to it , but there was no way i could stay in my room .
we were moved , again , the next day to a room we should have been in from day one . the only redeeming quality of this resort was the pool cabanas .
you can reserve a pool cabana for $90 a day .
this inlcudes 8 drinks ( pop and water ) and some snacks and fruit each day .
quite honestly , this was my lunch while there .
the cabanas also provide the kids with shade and allowed me to sleep in , knowing that i would otherwise be up at 7:00 to secure chairs . food was terrile except for palio .
( like coffee ) there were two jet skis for a resort that accomdates 2500.
we signed up to reserve a spot 5 days away and when that day came they had given our reservations away . honestly , if you are making this your one trip away for the year , do not book at this westin .
go to st . john or the caymans .
this property no more represented the westin starwood properties than my local howard johnsons .
i am a long standing starwood preferred member , and they are getting an similar e - mail .
i cannot believe that they want this property out there representing them .
awful , overpriced , poor service .
stay away !
we had booked for 4 nights but were glad to get away after 3. the price of everything was high and the service was poor .
we had a caribbean suite right in front of an outside portico/bar with loud music and a very noisy group that stayed noisy late into the evening .
when i explained to the desk agent that i 'd like to arrange for another room the following night , she angrily told me this is a resort , all of our rooms are noisy .
friends in our group had a junior suite near the casino and got little sleep at all until they down - graded to a standard hotel room . the food in the restaurants was poor , the service surly , and the prices high ( $100 total for overcooked/oversalted pasta and a bottle of very average wine ) .my advice to groups who might be planning to book a meeting there - - - go to jamaica instead !
do not bother there is nothing special about this hotel .
unless you are attending a conference , stay away .
this was also the sentiment of many other visitors at the hotel . we did not have any problems checking in , but some were waiting up to 6 hours .
they also gave us a room with two double beds despite knowing it was our honeymoon .
when we requested a king bed , they said that they had none available and that they could push the two beds together if we liked .
since we talked to many other visitors , all of whom had king beds , we think they were just to lazy to find us another room since their reservation system was down .
the prices are high at the restaurants , which we would not have minded if the service was good or if the food was anything to rave about .
our best meals were from room service .
as for the beach and the pool , we were lucky in that neither were all that crowded , yet it was still difficult to get service from the waitresses/waiters on the beach or around the pool .
also , do not expect white sandy beaches typical to the carribean .
the beach is a fine , brown sand/dirt .
4 star resort with zero star service the westin rio mar is a 4 star resort with zero star service .
the hotel itself was beautiful but the majority of the staff was extremely rude .
the valets , the woman that checked us in and the servers at the mirabella restaurant were the only pleasant people we found .
we had a smooth check - in but from that point it was downhill full speed .
we checked in at the starwood preferred guest counter .
which was pleasant .
once we got to our room the trouble began .
we had to call down to house keeping to change our feather pillows to foam pillows ( even though we requested that ahead of time due to allergies ) and waited for about 1/2 hour for them to come .
then we only had 4 hangers in our closet , so we called house keeping , who brought up flimsy wire hangers . . . we were almost finished unpacking when i realized that the safe was missing it 's key .
so my husband made another call to have that taken care of .
we were told they would be up within an hour to replace the lock .
so instead of waiting in the room , we headed to the pool with our valuables and cash .
after finishing at the pool , we headed to the concierge and proceeded to wait on line for 15 minutes as there was only one .
after asking for suggestions for local restaurants we were given a binder ( the only binder ) of menus for the hotel 's restaurants and were brushed aside before we were finished .
after 2 1/2 hours we returned to our room to discover that the safe was not fixed .
my husband called down to the desk again . . . no answer . . . . . called a second time . . . .no answer .
so we went downstairs and stood at the starwood preferred guest counter to be helped .
there were a few people waiting on the regular line and they were being helped , which is fine with me , i did not mind that .
but once the people that arrived after we did started to be helped before us we got upset .
i 'm not really sure what the starwood preferred guest gets , but i intend to cut up my card and mail it back to the westin since it seems to be useless .
my husband then left me on that line to get on the regular line and was finally helped .
all the while the counter people saw me standing there waiting .
we stated that our safe was still not fixed and our other issues .
they basically shrugged their shoulders at us and offered to let us keep our things in their safe .
i 'm sorry , but at this point there was no way i would trust them with anything .
we asked to speak to the manager and she was down right nasty .
my husband politely asked if they could do something for us for our inconveniences .
with disgust she said she could give us breakfast the next day .
my husband then politely asked if they could do something for us for dinner since by this time it was 7:30pm and we still had no idea where to eat since the one and only concierge was no help .
she very rudely replied i said i can give you breakfast .
we are very tolerant people , but that was the last straw .
when we returned to our room my husband called the westin headquarters to speak to someone about our issues , which after only being there a few hours were many .
after he got off the phone the hotel manager called and rudely told us we would be getting 2500 starwood points , then she hung up .
apparently she was not happy that we called the westin customer service to complain .
i decided to take a shower to relax and there were 2 towels , no wash cloths and no soap . . . yet another call to house keeping .
the bartenders at the pool bar were nasty as well .
if you order a drink and you get the wrong thing . . . watch out if you question it . . . .they 'll take your drink back and walk away mumbling something in spanish ( lucky for us but un - lucky for the bartender my husband speaks spanish and understood what he said . . . and it was not nice ) .
the self parking lots were always full since non - hotel guests can park in the closer lot and hang out at the casino , beach and pool there while the paying guests have to walk a mile from their cars because all the spots in the garage are taken .
this is after they charge you $10 a day to self park .
the pool area was always crowded and the so called quiet pool was nothing of the sort .
there were kids jumping around yelling and screaming , leaving food all over the ground , throwing balls and jumping off floats and not once did anyone from the hotel enforce the quiet pool rules .
and be sure to get to the towel hut early , those run out fast .
i could go on forever , but you get the idea .
i went on tripadvisor before the trip and saw alot of bad reviews but i thought 'it ca not be that bad '!
the next time i read multiple bad reviews i will take the advise .
we gave the westin the benefit of the doubt and am i ever sorry .
i can without a doubt say this was the worst hotel experience we 've ever had .
after taking our own survey of other hotel guests during our stay , we found out that we were not the only ones who felt this way .
we were told that someone from westin executive offices would be contacting us . . . . . we 're still waiting .
our advise . . . . . stay away !
beautiful property , lousy service just came back from a weeks stay at the westin rio mar . the property is very beautiful and nicely maintained .
on the other hand , the service was awfull .
when we arrived , we had to carry our own bags into the rooms , this is ok if you are staying at a less expensive hotel , but for a four star hotel , that 's unacceptible .
the waitors were slow and you had to constantly call them for any kind of service . the
front desk was also very inefficient and slow . would i recommend this hotel ? the anwser is no .
stay away ! ! horrible service , especially at the hotel restaurants .
this is a beautiful property which disappoints with its staff .
as a platinum guest , i expected courtesy at a minimum , and was met with brusque , rude service at the front desk and long , long waits at the restaurant , especially at mirabella , where i was virtually ignored ! !
i for one will never stay at this resort again .
other starwood properties have done much , much better .
unexplained staff member in room and screaming children everywhere when we arrived we were delighted with our room and the wonderful ocean view .
the room was clean and large . the longer we stayed the worse things got . some of the problems we encountered included : - screaming , uncontrolled children everywhere and i mean everywhere .
in the hall , at the pool , at the beach , in the lobby , in the parking lot , you name there were kids out of control making it impossible to relax . -
difficult to find a beach chair that was not wet or next to obnoxious children .
most of the beach chairs near the ocean were old and had rusty screws sticking out of the sides at eye level . -
thin hotel room walls made it impossible to relax and sleep in our own room .
we could hear the people in the hotel room next to us clearly speaking , as if they were in our own room .
they were screaming and yelling and partying and the hotel security did nothing about this problem .
we called 5 times one evening and the hotel staff kept promising to take action , but it was never done .
we had to put in ear plugs to finally mute out these neighbors in order to fall asleep .
but , we were awaken by these same neighbors the next morning at 6a . - the hall tends to echo and people are inconsiderate when walking down the hall at odd hours talking and screaming and slamming doors .
it is next to impossible to sleep in your room without earplugs . -
the hotel charges $10 to self park and $15 for valet .
the self parking lot was often full during our visit b/c of graduation ceremonies being held .
- staff in the self parking area were rude , unhelpful , and drove there golf carts as fast as they could to cut you off ( as is true for most drivers in puerto rico ) - food is overpriced .
luckily , the breakfast buffet was included in our package that we ordered through costco .
otherwise , the breakfast buffet would have cost $18.50
the food for lunch and dinner was a rip off , we never ate at the resort other than our inclusive breakfast , we did not give them the pleasure of stealing our money . -
the hotel is incredibly large and easy to get lost in due to poor signage ( or complete lack there of ) . - the hotel excursions are extremely overpriced .
luckily we had a car and were able to partake in activities on our own . -
on the last morning of our visit we returned to our room from breakfast and found a hotel staff member in our room with the door closed .
he claimed to be with room service and had the wrong room .
he had no food with him and no trays outside the door .
- when we discussed the aforementioned issues with the manager , she apologized , but was cold . - the hotel is isolated and about 45 minutes from san juan .
considering the traffic in san juan , this is a good thing , but if you want nightlife and meal options outside the resort , it is a bad thin , especially if you do not have your own rental car .
it is cheaper to rent a car for 2 people than it is to pay the hotel shuttle fee to/from the airport , not to mention the outrageous taxi and hotel shuttle fees to and from san juan , just for a side trip . on the plus side , this resort was right across the highway from the rain forest .
the hotel charges approximately $35 pp for a tour , but if you have a rental car you can tour it for $3 pp . we also spent a night at the wyndham old san juan and would definately recommend staying at that hotel , as opposed to the westin rio mar . we will never again stay at the westin rio mar .
hell on earth antiquated , poky rooms , appalling service , inflated prices and a remote location combine to make this one of the worst places i have ever been on holiday .
[1] they put me in a tiny smoking room and claimed it was a junior suite [2] they forgot to book me a hire car and blithely told me that there were none left - you are a $75 cab ride from san juan [3] i asked to have a table set up outside so i could have a romantic dinner with my companion - the restuarant manager asked for a $200 cash payment or should i say bribe .
[4] the staff are incompetent , rude or both . i could go on but it i will just say - stay away 
definitely not worth the $$$ i was not terribly impressed with this property .
we just stayed there for four nights in mid - june .
my wife is a starwood platinum , so we did receive an upgrade to an ocean suite room but not much else .
the room was ok , probably better than the standard rooms , but very musty and worn .
we found the some of the employees to be lacking as well .
when we arrived , we pulled to the front of the hotel , asked one of the employees for the location of self parking .
he was more concerned with the luggage in our car than our question , and when it was apparent that he was not going to make a tip , turned around and walked off without the courtesy of answering the question .
that set the basic tone of our stay .
club lounge apparently was not available due to being off season , so no access there .
minor items that should go without thought such as providing adequate soap for the shower was not done .
(1 bar for the total 4 night stay for 2 people ) .
we have generally had great experiences with starwood properties , however , definitely will not go back to this one .
even simple things like internet access are a pain at this property .
if you bring your own computer , and your isp access number is in san juan , be prepared to pay $2.00 per minute in addition to the usual phone access charge .
want to use the business center , better do it before 5:00 pm , and be prepared to pay $20/hr for internet access .
want to use a cell phone to circumvent the ridiculous hotel phone charges ?
when we attempted to use an att cell phone on the property , a secondary tone comes on the line for something called roaming america , attempting to get you to provide a credit card number for an additional charge to complete your call .
drive a quarter mile away , or go anywhere else on the island , you get connected as usual with att .
the front desk denied any knowledge of any of this , however you look at the top of the hotel building you see cell phone antennas , so draw your own conclusions .
fortunately we were in puerto rico on business , so spent little time at the property , and after all of this was determined not to spend one dime beyond the room , tax , resort fee and parking , so we entertained and took meals away from the resort .
next year we will return to the caribe hilton .
stayed there last year as hilton gold , was treated much better , had a great time .
i definitely feel that there are major staff problems .
some staff at this property appeared to be indifferent , particularly if they were not going to make a tip from you .
one staff member in the parking lot was even argumentative over something very insignificant .
i definitely detected a real attitude from some of the staff at this property , and i am a person of reasonable expectations and i rarely complain , so i do not think it is just me .
your money is much better spent elsewhere .
additionally , this property is more than 30 miles from san juan , but it is not a quick 30 mile drive as you would expect in the mainland u . s . it is a very hectic and stressful 30+ miles on substandard roads with some of the worst driving i have ever seen in my life .
definitely something to take into consideration if you plan to go to san juan during your stay .
the worst trip i 've ever been on !
decided to visit here after reading that this was one of the 2003 best resorts rated .
what a joke .
the place itself was just ok , not real clean but ok .
the staff on the other hand was rude , unhelpful , non - caring , and extremely slow to do anything .
it was impossible at the concerige desk also .
they always had lines and when you went to make reservations for dinner we were told they were full .
when in fact we decided to vist the steakhouse on our own we were to find out it was only 1/4 full .
what a trip .
surely one to remember but would like to forget .
hoping to get a partial refund from us airways vacations !
a belated report - wish i had more info back then i do not think i reviewed this after 7/06, but i 'm not scrolling thru 710 entries to find out . my main consideration in choosing this resort was that it was not in a rainy season in july , unlike most parts of mexico . our trip started out bad , as we missed our plane ( delta would not hold the door for 30 seconds ) from seattle , and had to wait until the next evening to fly .
that was my fault .
after arriving a day late , however , we found our bags had never made it , and would not for another 2 days .
thanks again , delta .
the resort had an oh , well attitude and only steered me toward their small clothing shop with ridiculiously overpriced shorts  t - shirts .
going off resort was strongly discouraged .
when our luggage did finally arrive , i was never notified , and indeed , they put it in the wrong room .
it was only after 4-5 trips to the front desk per day that they finally owned up to the error . our greeter spent about 20% of her time introducing us to the amenites , and about 80% trying to sign us up for a timeshare presentation .
most of the staff spoke no english , and i 'm sorry to say that my spanish was not up to the task , either , athough my daughter , who had just finished 2 years of high school spanish , had problems also . the food : highlights , the various cheeses and fresh fruit .
also the banana and bleu cheese pizzas from the italian restaurant . lowlights : practically everything else .
most of it was canned .
i think we ate more pizza here than anything else .
the formal restaurants were abysmal .
really made me miss the walking mexican beach vendors with their fish and shrimp on a stick . the staff : unhelpful at best .
at worst , a barely hidden , simmering hostility .
that was surprising to me , as i thought a resort job was about as good as gold in the dr .
i think it 's amusing to read of travelers from ny  nj complaining about the europeans and russians behavior .
we felt the same about them .
rudely and loudly barging ahead of people in lines and barking at servers like they owned the place .
it made me understand a little of the staffer 's attitude . one day we could take it no more and asked about any day trips outside the resort ; my daughter wanted to pick up some souvenirs .
we were told we had to hire a driver/bodyguard for the trip for something like $120.
he spoke almost no english either , and drove us about 20 miles into town to 1 souvenir shop , 2 churches , and 1 version of a local k - mart , then back to the resort .
on our way back , just outside the resort grounds , i saw groups ( safety in numbers ) of tourists walking around a small tourist area .
off the resort , the dr did indeed look dangerous and extremely poor .
if nothing else , i wrote it off as a learning experience for my daughter and i . she 'd never seen poverty like this up close before , and it make her thankful for many things . to sum up , even with the beautiful beach , after 6 days we were more than happy to leave .
when we got home , i booked a trip to an ai in puerto vallarta , and we more than made up for our punta cana experience .
a 2 star dump for a 5 star price we went to paradisus punta cana to celebrate our anniversary .
my travel agent had been there previously and highly recommended it as a 5 star luxury resort .
we upgraded our stay to royal service so we could take advantage of the bigger room , better service and adults only pool .
what a waste of time and money .
when we arrived they did not have our reservation .
after 3 tours of the resort they finally found us a room .
the room had a bed , desk , and 2 chairs - not what i would call a suite but that was they only size room offered in royal service .
we were too tired from traveling to notice much and simply went to bed the first night .
when we woke up the next day we noticed the blood stains on the sheets , the cigarette holes in the shower curtain , the strange orange stains all over the tile floor , and the bugs crawling all over the desk .
on our first full day we were assaulted by our butler with offers of massages , room upgrades , and special dinners .
he took us to show us the rooms we could upgrade to and then asked us to join the sol melia vacation club .
when we refused to join the club the butler disappeared and our royal service dried up .
when we asked for rides to the lobby with our golf clubs they never sent anyone .
when we asked for dinner reservations we were told the restaurants were full or closed .
when we called royal service to ask to have our toilet fixed , our safe fixed and our sliding glass door fixed we were told it was not their job and they did not offer to contact the right person to take care of it .
the royal service staff was rude and refused to help us make golf reservations at certain courses even though the courses were on a list of courses that they provided to us .
when i asked to speak to a manager i was directed to the public relations desk and the gentleman there was not interested in helping me .
the food and drinks were just okay and the food was never served at the correct temperature .
also , every one of the 10 resort restaurants seems to think it is correct to servce red wine chilled and white wine warm .
all of the alcoholic drinks were severely watered down as well .
the best drink i had during my stay was a beer i bought at a bar down the street from the resort because it was cold .
i could go on but you get the idea - if you want to go to the domincan pick another resort !
hotel committed fraud ?
we stayed at club med for a week .
then on the day of our departure our plane broke down - requiring us to stay an extra day in punta cana .
we stayed at the paradisus - as it was the first hotel we found where we could stay one night . we stayed there one night and departed the next day .
when my credit card statement came - i found they charged me for 1 additional week - even though we did not stay there !
total of $1,973.93.
i disputed the charge and they sent a reciept for 1 week of stay !
over rated upon 1st sight , this place is incredible .
great beach , pool , pool bar , lots of places to eat and well maintained grounds .
thats about all it has going for it .
we had so many problems it just was not a pleasent time . .problem 1: we went to this hotel as part of a 40 person party ages ranging from barely 18 to 60.
our group reserved the trip 6 months in advance and they put us in rooms scattered all over the resort instead of one general area .
since the hotel was almost full we could not change rooms .
problem 2: the rooms are ok , nothing special .
tile floors , 2 beds , bath and a step down sitting area .
: we had approx 22 rooms total .
all but 3 had issues with bugs .
we would wake up covered in welts .
one girl look like she had chicken pox after one night ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! another rooms bathroom floor drain backed up after a rain storm .
flooding the room with human waste ( which the staff never totally cleaned up ) the staff were indifferent to any room issues we had and were in no hurry to correct any problems out of space next review will be on the food ! ! ! nasty ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
far from five star we booked a five - star holiday ( jan 31 - feb 7) wanting to celebrate a marriage of 43 years ? ? a gift of a good life .
we love swimming and the beach .
we like to celebrate together as we have and do take our grown children and their families with us on holiday each year .
our travel agent convinced us to take the higher priced package at the paradisus punta cana we agreed to go there because we had a great experience at the paradisus riviera cancun in the mayan riviera with our family 4 years ago .
here is our story . the air transat plane was 2 hours late leaving due to a problem with the scheduled plane , so they had to wait for another from colombia .
consequently we got to the resort at about 12:30 a . m .
their time . the check - in was pretty smooth .
clerk had drinks brought over to the desk .
we asked for a room near the beach and pool our room was the farthest away from the beach and the pool . we got on the bus to our room .
there was an extremely drunk passenger in the cab with the driver .
he was loud and obnoxious .
he tried to start the engine when the driver was away taking bags to a room .
the next time the driver left he tried to start the bus again and then started pushing .
he finished his act by peeing on the lawn in front of our building .
this was not a good first impression . room #1 ? ?1354we were in building 35 ? ? farthest from pool and beach .
we found no water bottles , no juice , no beer in fridge .
turns out they never have juice or beer ? ? only soft drinks and water .
this is contrary to info in at magazine and on internet . there were 2 double beds ? ? we had asked for a king - size .
the first bed we tried had no top sheet , just the blanket .
the other bed had a top sheet . there was no coffee - maker . the bathroom was sub - standard .
the shower was behind a curtain with a 1 inch step - down .
the shower was hand - held with no way to secure it .
there was no shampoo . there was a door stop in front of the toilet so you stubbed your toe each time you used the toilet . .
the changewe asked for a change to a better room on friday morning ( after eating after check - in it was 4 am so we just slept in the double bed with the top sheet . )we
were told they couldn?? change us until saturday ? ? no rooms available .
so we asked for the manager and after some time we were told they could in fact give us a room that day ? ? call back at 3 pm .
called at 3 ? ? manager out .
called at 4 ? ? told they had a room with a king bed in the same building .
but it wouldn?? be cleared until 5 pm so wouldn?? be ready until 6 or 6:30 pm .
call back .
called back at 6:15 ? ? room ready bellhop would be there soon to help us with our luggage . at 7:30 ? ? after several calls , the last one was us inquiring as to whether the bellhop had gotten lost , we were in room 2351 ? ? second floor same building . note :
this was the first of many instances where the staff resist your request at first , then , if pressured , eventually do something .
their first impulse is to say ??o . ? ? also , it is very difficult to get to speak to someone in authority .
another major problem was for staff to understand even the simplest englishroom # 2 ? ?2351our first impression - no bed table lamps ? ? which were in 1354.
noisy a/c unit ? ? but that wasn?? a problem .
there was a coffee maker , but no coffeethe safe lock didn?? work .
a man came quickly but couldn?? open it .
it took 3 men 2 hours , but they replaced mechanism and safe worked fine after . the balcony door lock didn?? lock and the switch that shuts off a/c when the door opens didn?? work . there were no robes ? ? there were two in 1354.
there were no wash cloths . the service very spotty ? ? shampoo one day , not the next . , towels one day , not the next , coffee one day , not the next . , washcloths one day , not the next .
. during our stay the bed was so poorly made we did it twice ourselves . on sunday night at 11:30 we left the lobby and on the way out asked if the property was sprayed for mosquitoes .
they said yes and asked our room number .
when we got to room within 10 minutes , there was a man already spraying our entire room with repellent .
it was so thick we felt it was unsafe to sleep there .
we phoned the front desk , explained that it was unhealthy and unsafe to stay in the sprayed room , and asked for a bed for the night .
clerk said they had none , maybe tomorrow .
so we said we??l sleep in the lobby .
we went to the lobby , my wife sacked out on a sofa across from desk .
the clerk was angry , but within 10 minutes he found us a room - room 1033 ? ? much nicer .
manager told us later it was a sol melia timeshare room . on monday we talked to guest services who were very helpful .
we commend ismail and maria for making us feel they were indeed trying to help . we complained about the spraying , but it took another day to get to the manager .
nowhere does it say to complain to guest services .
we dialled 0 with poor results . finally on tuesday we got to talk to the manager .
he said we should have come earlier ? ? he?? always available .
however , it?? not easy to get the staff to contact him . .
we had talked to him earlier on the phone about the drunk and he told us ??e can?? control the guests . ? ? but he can control what his staff does about them ? ? the driver should have got the drunk out of his cab before he could annoy and endanger the guests .
he said he had spoken to the driver about the incident and the driver felt the drunk was safest in the cab .
maybe , but we weren?? the safest !
it would have been nice if he had closed the loop and told us that earlier .
we would have felt better .
he was very solicitous , but his main goal is to soothe the guest?? feelings , not to solve any problems with staff training or systemic issues .
he said he would correspond with sol melia , the owners and that he would like to help us if we returned with our family . our experiences were not unique ? ? we talked to many other guests ? ? virtually all had similar problems .
an edmonton couple were moved in from another resort ? ? their two 2 children were housed in a separate . building !
a german man , after an 11 hour flight , had to wait 1 ? hours for room .
a family needed two double beds for the four of them , but only had one bed ? ? they were told to wait until next day .
he said he wouldn?? wait .
he got a good room near the beach . they had no towels in their room some dayseveryone else we asked had some complaints ? ? many were minor , but all add up two people who checked in at the same time as us got upgraded to royal service ? ? but no phone cord .
it took 3 days for their phone to work .
when we asked the manager how people get upgraded , he said they did not have royal service .
however , on the way home we reconfirmed with them that they were indeed in the royal service .
at no time did he check to see if we were right .
we were wrong in his eyes . the large groups who got moved in because other hotels were full got better rooms and in some cases upgraded .
our general impression was that of a somewhat run - down facility .
besides the swamp where the water breeds mosquitoes there was always casual water on some roads there were many mosquitoes and biting bugs .
my wife got many very itchy bites that still bother her a lot .
we talked to people from other resorts and they saw no mosquitoes .
last year at ocean blue we saw none . .the grounds are beautiful and the staff in the restaurants are cheerful and helpful .
the food in the restaurants is quite good .
the pool is lovely .
we do commend the restaurant worker who followed us and found us walking to our room to tell us that my wife had left her purse behind .
for a 5- star resort , our experience was far removed .
the rooms need work , the staff needs to be more customer oriented and more willing to correct things .
the maids need to be more consistent in servicing the rooms .
the pluses were far outweighed by the negatives we experienced .
this is not anywhere near five star in our books . what a disappointment !
beautiful hell with palm trees !
upon arriving we were taken back by the beauty of the surroundings and our rooms .
by the first morning after sleeping in this beautiful place our 4 and 6 year old were covered with bites !
my husband and i also had bites although not as visciously as our children were attacked .
i reported this to the concierge who had the sheets on the bed changed .
we took brief showers and the shower doors leaked onto the marble floors while , although beautiful , were installed without thought of safety as upon exiting the shower they became an ice rink landing me onto my back and head .
we had to throw all our towels onto the floor to make a path that would allow us to use the toilet .
after 3 calls ( the last of which i became adamant ) a cleaning lady and 2 maintenance guys showed up . . . .their answer was that they could see the problem with the door , so do not take any showers !
by the second night we all had diarrhea and upset stomach from the absolutely average to terrible food !
also by the second night our children were completely covered with bites , so we moved them into our room to sleep with us .
at least 6 people we spoke with at the pool were having the same experiences with food poisoning and bugs !
i went to the hotel doctor , doctor junior , who informed me that he knew nothing of bites or rashes , but would write me a prescription as long as i paid for the physician 's consultation as this was how he was paid by the hotel ( even though he had no desire to see the children ) .
he then tried to sell me a prescription for something my home pediatrician had never heard of and i could not read as the directions were in french and spanish ( i called the home doctor 2x at this point . )
i called guest services 2x as i sat there ( requesting a change in room ) , the doctor called them 1x , and each time they said they would call back in 2 minutes .
apparently they have no clocks in the dominican , because they never did call back .
i called the doctor at 2:30am that night to inform him that he should come and look at the bugs i was swatting in the bed ( leaving bloody marks all over the sheets . )
he still insisted they were not bed bugs , but never did show up .
i have some of the bug bodies in a baggie i 've brought home .
we paid a lot of money to have the concierge have someone run out and get benadryl . . . . . he claimed not to be able to get the liquid .
the pediatrician at home was concerned on how we would be able the split the capsules in an appropriate manner for children , so we could not use them .
the hotel manager acted like she was doing us some great favor giving us a $100 credit !
she informed us that she had never credited anyone before .
she also noted that you have to expect these things when you come to the islands !
no lady , i do not !
this is not a thatched hut on the corner of a swamp !
it 's not some cheap place !
i have traveled all over the world , and have never come into contact with such a negative experience ! stay away from this filthy place !
spend your money elsewhere !
there are plenty of reputable , wonderful places in the carribean , and believe me . . . .this is not one of them ! ! ! !
worst ever food poisoning , bed bugs and pushy , disrespectful management is what we got at paradisus punta cana .
so , here is my review , forwarned is forarmed . my family and i traveled to the dominican republic last week ( february 16-23) for the second time in 4 years .
this year we stayed at the paradisus punta cana which is owned by sol melia .
i made our reservations in november 2007 and carried with me the e - mail confirmation dated november 29, 2007. upon arrival (3 pm saturday ) , we were told by management there were no more rooms .
we had friends traveling with a tour group , arriving later who received rooms .
( the tour groups are too valuable to anger i guess ) the hotel had overbooked , insisted there were no rooms and sent us off along with some other families to a less expensive , inferior hotel 20 minutes away , then brought us back the next day .
on the second day our friend got sick from the food but recovered the next day .
on the fourth day my wife got food poisoning and was violently ill and feverish for 24 hours and felt poorly the remainder of the week .
the room was often cleaned late ( and not very well ) , and one day was not cleaned at all , until we requested they come and tidy up while we were at dinner .
by the end of the week i was getting bug bites on my legs and arms and upon returning home it was determined to be bed bug bites . i have to warn all who read this to consider our worst ever experience and ask you to tell others who may be considering this hotel/resort .
do not bother !
resort is beautiful but service was awful .
people ca not be trusted .
money was stolen out of my locker during a massage .
the hotel mistakenly charged us twice but then expected us to leave without a receipt for the $9000 credit .
hotel employees do not know where anything is or how to find activities .
we paid extra for family concierge who never returned our phone calls .
she did not book us for activities that she said she would book us for and we only found out shortly before the activity started .
nothing is as advertised - casino was under renovation and nature trail was closed .
save your money and go to mexico or another island .
areas outside the resort are not safe so there 's nothing to do but stay on the resort where you really ca not count on the help to make your stay nice !
beware of thieves !
we spent 10 days at the resort around thanksgiving week .
this was our 2nd trip to the dominican republic .
everything was wonderful until right before we were to leave for the airport on our last day .
we specifically asked where we could have the best security for our luggage that included a laptop computer before boarding the van for transportation to the airport .
we were told the locked room off the lobby overseen by the bell captain of the resort would ensure the safety of our luggage while we waited for our transportation .
as it turns out , there are no security cameras and they misled us into believing they would be responsible for the care of our luggage .
when it was time to board the shuttle to head to the airport , we discovered our laptop computer missing from it 's case which had been stored in their locked room .
the hotel informed us they would not be responsible for the theft and could not reimburse us the value nor provide any form of compensation .
the hotel manager became indignant with me when i asked to speak to someone higher up .
it 's my belief that the resort/company has insurance for loss/theft such as this , but chose not to accommodate in any way .
the manager even suggested i may not have even brought a laptop with me ! sol melia has over 300 hotels/resorts worldwide and i ca not imagine there is nothing this company can do for the theft of my laptop while under their care , custody and control .
we feel that the local employees need additional training to encourage tourists with valuables that the hotel is not responsible for loss or theft even if valuables are left in their direct care .
needless to say , we will not be returning .
we hold sol melia resorts responsible and will never stay at any of their resorts because of the way we were treated when the theft occurred .
had the resort chosen to file a claim with their insurance carrier and reimbursed us for our loss , then they could 've turned this unfortunate incident from a negative experience to a positive one and we could have shared a rave review with everyone .
hated it ! ! ! never going back ! !
the food was horrible ! !
we ate only at the buffet restaurant but were still unsatisfied .
only good thing was the trolley service .
would never go back again or recommend this place .
would not send my worst enemy here do not know where to begin .
this was by far the worst vacation ever .
the hotel rooms had ants , we called the front desk and no one showed up to fix the problem .
no one spoke english .
do not bother tipping because it does not get you anything .
the food was inedible .
outdoor restaurants had flys on all the tables .
this was the only vacation that i actually lost weight on !
we had royal service which was an absolute joke .
butler never came when we called or came 5 hours later with our pillows . bartenders were rude .
save your money 
awful service the front desk staff were absolutely terrible .
whenever i needed they treated me like i was bothering them .
long waits for all the restaurants and the food just plain sucked .
really dissapointed .
this place is a joke !
bait and switch - - illegal in the u . s . apparently not in punta cana we arrived with a guaranteed reservation on april 9, 2007 for 5 nights .
in the lobby people were fighting with the front desk - - at each station .
the hotel had overbooked ; not informed any guests that they were sold out - - even though one had a guaranteed reservation .
they offered you a room in the hotel next door ( not a 5 star hotel ) and a discount of $100 per night .
if i wanted to stay at a lesser class hotel for less money i would have booked that .
they then had a legal waiver for me to sign already prepared ( which i did not sign ) and the hotel next door already had our reservation set up .
i discovered that this happened to about 30 folks a day .
on the beach it was being called the double bracelet club .
they even bumped a wedding party that had booked a year in advance ( the bride and groom were permitted to stay at the resort ) .
this type of bait and switch is not what i would expect from a hotel rated 5 star .
i was told in punta cana i had no recourse ( it took us 12 hours to reach this destination ) .
i would suggest you book another hotel or contact the general manager of this hotel , mr . francisco castillo and ask him to send you a written guarantee that you will have a room .
it did not matter whether you booked through their website or through a travel agent .
they did not have rooms .
this hotel does not deserve a 5 star rating on any website .
this type of experience when you are going on vacation is unacceptable and the public should be aware should you still chose to go to the paradiscus punta cana that most likely you will not have a room there .
they also cater to large conventions and obviously adding to the room block is more important than individual travelers .
i spoke to the sales manager who informed me that there were hundreds there for the convention .
i was told by the reservation agent for the sol melia properties that conventions were not booked during this time of year .
my advice is to find another property with a u . s . chain that will in fact make good on their reservation .
no me gusta let me start off by saying that i have experience with all - inclusive hotels for over 10 years .
my wife and i have only stayed at all - inclusives in the islands , and we have been to jamaica , turks , barbados , bahamas etc .
we are late 30's , and we brought a 15 year old with us . pros .
beautifully landscaped grounds .
pool and beach area well kept . cons .
hablo y comprende espanol un pocito ( i speak and understand a little spanish ) but it does not seem to help when trying to get help from most of the staff .
if they want to ignore you , they will wether you can speak spanish or not .
and believe me , they will ignore your presence most of the time .
at first we did not think much of it , but after trying to flag down waiters , and trying to get drinks at the pool bar , and coffee in the morning etc . it became apparent that no one is being trained in customer service .
and good luck trying to do any of the actvities that are included .
everything seemed to have been booked up 4-5 days in advance .
a popular activity like snorkeling was only available for an additional cost of $270.00 for 3 of us .
( i thought it was an all - inclusive ) ?
now i am far from being a snob that expects white glove service , but i resented the fact that we were ignored several times by hotel staff .
like the bank teller in the lobby that stood talking to her friend for 1/2 hour while we were waiting to get money .
like the waiters at the grill rest .
for lunch , that never seemed to realize we needed drinks .
like the waiter in the italian rest .
that looked up to see my wife waving at him to place an order , and looking away as if she was not there .
she waited an additional 5 minutes , and left without him ever attending to her .
all in all was the worst vacation that we have ever been on , and by the way , i have never written a complaint letter before .
i just had to in this case , because if it saves just one family from wasting their money on this hotel , i wish it could have been us .
las vegas las vegas in the dominican republic !
the property was nice , although too large .
the pool bar was crowded with drunks and smokers by 12 noon so that the kids could not get near the bar to order .
the food was poor too .
all that we could deal with but the beach was crowded and noisy , motor boats cruisng by all day long .
the only staff at the resort that were accomodating were at the front desk .
my 2 daughters (16, 14) were whistled at by the staff on several occasions .
we checked out after one day and went to club med !
it was a fabulous week at club med instead .
4 1/2 stars my a$$ !
i want to keep this short and simple .
we paid for the royal service and a deluxe junior suite and all we got was a royal pain in the a$$ .
we arrive on 4/20 and we are told our room would not be ready till 4/21 so we were moved to the hotel next door in which our room smelled of mildew and room service limited us to one beer per guest .
so on 4/21 around 1pm we head back to the paridisus .
after being told 7 minutes , then 30 minutes then 40 minutes our room wasn?? ready till 6:30.
when we spoke to our vip concierge we couldn?? get into any of the 2 restaurant that you need a reservation to get into .
the next available reservation was monday when we had to leave on sunday .
finally get to our room to find 2 full sized beds not the king we ordered on expedia .
the fridge not even stocked with beer just one little bottle of rum which wasn?? even brugal .
the room service . . . . . the menu is limited and small , but in english .
being vip we were suppose to call the vip number to get room service .
when you call the vip concierge they tell you to call room service .
of course we complained to hotel management because the vip concierges are pretty much useless and incompetent .
i had sun glasses stolen from the vip pool bar by the bartender most likely .
my girlfriend had a 100 dollar bill stolen from her purse from the maid most likely .
the good the hotel management gave us 200 cash and half our next vacation to any sol melia resort .
i feel terrible my last vacation to the caribbean was to a 5 star ritz carlton hotel in jamaica and it was 50 times better then this garbage .
this was my girlfriends 1st vacation to the carribean and a lot of money was invested to make this just a great experience .
i wish some one from sol melia would contact me .
50% off and 200 dollars isn?? enough to compensate me on this nightmare of an experience .
like a friend of mine said to me today what did you expect from dr . don?? get me wrong the resort was beautiful and well taken care of .
sol melia needs to fix the numerous issues at this resort .
it is no where near a 4 1/2 star resort .
take my honest word .
believe the poor reviews !
this was the worse trip i have ever been on .
besides the fact that it rained for two days straight ( not the hotels fault ) but i am still washing our clothes (2-3 times ) to get the smell out .
the rooms were musty and damp .
the hotel is so spread out you ca not easily get around .
the food is awful .
if you are used to having first class service , this is not the place .
they definitely do not know who their customer is .
we felt several times like we were bothering them .
if you are not used to seeing old women topless and old men in speedos , do not go to the beach .
someone even said they saw a totally nude man on the beach .
now i remember why i do not like all - inclusive resorts .
i was not impressed with the island overall .
the people at the airport were like vultures and aggressive .
there are far better islands to visit .
what a disappointment !
royal service not so royal !
sorry to be long winded , but i need to say that there are far better resorts to accomodate you on your trip to punta cana .
the iberostar being one .
the grounds are nice at the paradisus , but still not quite as elegant and precisely maintained as the iberostar .
as far as service , upon check in we were told we had recieved an upgrade from standard service to royal service .
i will not get into the whole story here , but basically after being transported a two miles to the vip lounge to check in , we were treated horribly by mariana , the vip supervisor .
she acted as though we were trying to scam the royal service without paying for it , when in fact all we had tried to do was check in for our standard room at the main reception .
she then suggested we trek back to the main reception to check in .
my in - laws had reserved and paid for the royal service for themselves , so they asked if she would inform them of what exactly that entailed .
we were told it included an upgraded room ( which i saw later that night and is basically a standard room with a canopy over the bed and a chaise lounge instead of a credenza in the living room area ) , access to the vip lounge which has free internet service and access to the royal beach area ( basically a section of the beach which is roped off , with wait staff ) .
my mother - in - law then asked if we could accompany them while they were in the royal beach area .
there was only silence which we took as a big fat no ! so , they did not get to enjoy the royal beach area that week .
my brother - in - law waited all night to have his bag delivered to his room .
he may not have ever gotten it if my mother - in - law had not noticed it ( tagged with his room number on it ) sitting outside the vip lounge the next morning .
she had to deliver it herself . as far as making reservations for the different restaurants goes , it was fine if you had the royal service .
they would let you make them in advance for any restaurant .
if you only had standard service you had to show up to the restaurant you were hoping to eat at and hope they could accomodate you .
otherwise , it was the buffet every night .
fortunately , my in - laws made reservations for every night so we ate well .
the food was good compared to some resorts i 've been to .
however , the service was a little lacking .
several evenings of the week , one ( more often two ) of our party would order something off the menu and recieve something completely different .
we always ate it or tried to .
but forget trying to ask them what happened to what you really ordered .
perhaps they were just out of it and did not bother to tell you .
the same went for the drinks at the bar .
after the second pina colada i ordered showed up red , i decided to stick to the beer and wine or rum and cokes .
perhaps it was because we were not tipping the wait staff like crazy , but i beleive we did pay for all inclusive service .
anyway , that was the jist of it .
we did not tip so we did not get served - at least not for the first 20 minutes we stood at the bar .
also , there was no beach bar .
we found this a little disappointing , as far as in past vacations we were always able to walk up to the beach bar in our bathing suits and get a couple of beers or drinks in the afternoon .
not so at the paradisus .
you 'd have to walk into the hibiscus bar which is surrounded by all the restaurants and is a good distance from the beach . so , i do not recommend the paradisus .
if you 're going to punta cana stay somewhere else , like the iberostar .
and be prepared for a stressful aiport experience , going and coming .
the lines were horrendous .
make sure you get there at the very latest , two hours before your return flight .
we had planned to do that , but a lot of the prearranged transfers get you there much later than that .
just be prepared to stand in line with a bunch of other irate people in a hurry .
needless to say , we will probably never return to punta cana .
feel free to e - mail me if you have questions . oh , and if you dive the diving is included .
a lot of times the weather is too rough to go out , so be prepared for that .
we managed to get 5 dives in for the week only because we went on the excursion to catalina island which includes two dives .
there really is not much to see around the resort area anyway .
if you 've been to mexico or cozumel , you 'll be disappointed in the sea life that 's visible in punta cana .
beautiful days on the beach - horrible nights in the bathroom recently traveled to paradisus from 1/31 to 2/4.
the resort itself is amazing , from the grounds , lobby , and beach they are all a+ . the rest of the resort is a culinary nightmare .
the food is a disgrace and ca not even be considered eidble .
my wife spent the first night in the bathroom , and i , the remaining two . if you watch the cooks prepare the food , just think of two words cross - contamination . for the price $3500 it was hardly a bargin . and yes , we did try all the restraunts , so it was hard to decipher exactly which one made us sick . we came home a day early suntanned and hungary . do not go .
not worth your money i just came back from a 5 day stay .
its not a 5 star hotel .
really , if you are looking for a nice hotel , great service and the ammenities go somewhere else .
the food is so , so . . .if you go to the buffets but the japanese and french restaurants are awful , really .
i cant believe that such a prestigious resort chain would do such a poor job in running a hotel in beautiful punta cana .
the staff is very courteous though .
its a 3 star hotel .
not worth the price at all .
do not believe anything you read or half of what your hear we recently came back from this resort .
it is advertised on the sol melia website as being fully renovated , which it has not been touched in eight years and is in need of a complete overhaul .
the food is mediocure at best , 11 restaurants , only three or four open each night , beach chairs moldy and streached out , dirty beach , mildewed rooms , worn fabrics and furniture in rooms , mini bar not stocked or cold , disagreeable staff , bad service and bugs in the rooms .
aa vacations website states this is a five star property .
we would rate it -5 stars .
royal service is a joke , do not dare pay extra for it , you will be sorry , extra money for nothing , and do not drink the water .
buyer beware my husband and i are in the midst of planning a vacation for the summer of 2005.
we recalled our experience last year at the paradisus and must share with you the truth about what you may experience .
we have previously vacationed in st . lucia and cozumel and know that there is caribbean time to factor in .
we vacation to relax by the ocean , pool and enjoy our accommodations .
the beach was very nice .
this was the first resort that we visited with a swim up bar .
our first day , we saw a man vomitting into the water as he sat at the bar drinking .
we were immediately turned off and never went in the pool again .
i realize that this is not the resorts fault but still a turnoff . why we spent a fortune to come back home early : after our first meal , we both had diarhea within 30 minutes .
this process continued after everything we ate .
by my third day , i was down to bread for my meals .
my husband kept trying to find something .
on the fourth day , well after we had lunch and in the process of getting ready to try another restuarant for dinner , my husband began to violently vomit .
that was the last straw for us .
we contacted our travel agent and paid flight fees to come home early .
the resort was sympathetic to our situation and offered mentioned it was the coconut oil they cook in .
they did offer to cook meals at our request but this is not the point of an all - inclusive vacation where you can drink and eat at your convenience .
when we arrived home , we continued to experience symptoms for over a week and visited our physician who had to take stool samples and test for parasites . please be careful when/if you go and if you can afford to go elsewhere , please do .
your stomach will thank you .
objective criticism having travelled extensively and possesed of reasonable expectations for a vacation destination , i offer the following remarks regarding paradisus and some of the less candid reviews : paridisus is not an oasis in a third world country , it is a reflection of that country for good or ill .
it has beautiful beaches .
many of its people are friendly .
because costs are low , rooms can be larger .
so much for the good points . the food is dangerous .
chilled food is not kept cold and insects and bird droppings mix with most every dish .
rudimentary food handling precautions are not observed .
aside from the bacteria count , the food is just plain bad .
any review to the contrary should not be believed .
the water , you are told is filtered .
the filters appear to have never been removed or cleaned .
only the blessed avoid serious intestinal disorders .
if you must go , bring plenty of antibiotics and immodium .
and money .
you will need it when you try to leave early to escape the noxious food , surly room help and chronic shortages ( the towel stuff you have read about is incredibly true ) .not one person in my party (22 people ) liked the place .
terrible place ! ! !
this was by far the worse vacation of my life i do not know who gave this hotel a 5 star rating .
i wanted to go back home after just 2 days .
there were never enough towels at the pool , had to wait 30-60 minutes for a towel , experienced 1 blackout where the light went out in the whole hotel , if you are planning to go there with a child forget about ever having a high chair , after many fights with the staff i just used regular chairs since they only have 4 high chairs for all 10 restaurants .
my son and myself got food poisoning , this just could not get any worse .
i would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy , beware ! ! !
horrible horrible horrible i have been all over the dominican republic as well as other areas on vacations .
i have never been so disappointed .
the resort itself is beautiful .
the location is great .
everything else was horrible .
the staff barely spoke a word of english .
the food was horrible .
i think i had one good meal the whole six days i was there .
they had the worst bartenders in the world .
i asked for a screwdriver and the bartender came back with a margarita .
i stuck with the bottled beer , which was not even that great .
everytime i ate , i got pains in my stomach .
i have been to three different resorts in the dominican republic and the food is amazing .
we had a party of over 70 people there for a wedding .
the wedding planner , which was hired through the resort was horrible .
nothing went right for the wedding except the weather .
very unprofessional .
not one of our party had a room ready when we were told we would have them . . . normal checkin time .
i had strangers come into my room when i finally arrived which means they double booked our room and gave someone the key to our room .
major security problem .
save your time and money . . . and go to another resort . . . unless of course , you are okay with a two star hotel .
definitely not what we were expecting . . . .
we stayed in the paradisus for our honeymoon apr .
10-20, 04' - big mistake .
all of our friends recommended the hotel since they also spent their honeymoon there , what were they thinking .
definitely , the hotel is overrated , not a 5 star , at all ! ! ! .
please please get there after 3 pm , otherwise you will have to cruise around the lobby or change your clothes in the concierge bathroom since your room wo not be available till ' 3 pm or so .
the food not that great , stay away from the japanese restaurant ( yuck ) .
the only one that works fine for breakfast is the hybiscus .
the drinks , well , not a lot of options , and even if you are willing to pay $45-75 for a bottle of wine ( that 's all they have ) , still not a lot of options as you can see .
now , if you plan to take the tram from the lobby to your room after 10 pm , be ready to get a couple of drinks for the road because you will be waiting for a while , plus , it is very possible that you will not be dropped off where you need to .
the staff very friendly , i ca not complain , always working .
the beach , great ! the pool great !
( if you do not mind swimming with straws and cups all over ) .
i believe these 2 can be found anywhere so nothing expectacular about that . i was really , really dissapointed . . . .
would not return if you paid me would never return here - it was a vacation horror .
i went last year in early summer .
if you ca not stand heat , do not go here .
it was so humid and hot all the people from ny were complaining .
our room was nice but the air conditioning was barely adequate .
we got an all inclusive and were told we should book restaurants when we first got there and that we had several restaurants to go to .
we immediately went to do this , yet all the better restaurants were booked and we had to eat at outdoor buffets almost every night - when we complained ( and others complained ) no one cared .
be forewarned - only a few restaurants are inside and air conditioned ( barely ) .
by the way , all entertainment etc is outdoors also , except the casino .
these were the restaurants that were already booked upon arrival .
if you do not mind pouring sweat at every mealtime , this place is for you .
i wondered about the safety of the food being out in this extreme heat and humidity .
i started to get ill toward the end of my vacation .
i was very sick by the time we left .
turns out i had food poisening from some type of bacteria .
my white blood cell count was so high it took 2 antibiotics and a fungus medicine and one month to get better .
there is hardly anyplace to go outside the resort - it 's all jungle .
there was a smaller shopping area that the resort says you must take a cab to because it is dangerous to walk outside the resort .
and if you do not like topless beaches - do not go here .
our travel agent said the resort said that the beach was not topless , but it was .
the pool was too .
the guests are mostly europeans .
i could not wait to leave .
when we got on our plane , we sat for almost 1 hour on the runway , with the plane off and the heat building up in the cabins .
the reason for this , we were told , is that one of the passengers had passed out from heat in the open air airport ( there is nowhere to get away from heat near this resort ) .
we had to wait as they were treated and brought back to the plane .
by then , people were almost panicky from what must have been at least 120 degree heat in the plane cabin .
some people , including myself , almost passed out by the time the plane finally was turned on and air conditioned .
as fancy as the paridisus looks , this trip was the ultimate nightmare and i would never return .
paradisus , punta cana unbelievably dissapointed .
been all over the carribean ( with family ) .
beautiful place but that 's it .
service was the worst e . g . had to fight to get towels , had to be out by 7:00 to get chairs , on first day went to book restaurants ( sunday morning ) and was only able to get a reservation at 10:00 pm tues for the japanese restaurant and a fri .
reservation for the french .
other restaurants were walk in and it was a major problem for my group of seven .
the majority of the workers did not speak english at all .
walkways for guests were also used constantly for employee vehicles .
everything from bicycles to scooters to trucks .
major annoyance .
never posted message before but had to now ! !
august vacation at paradisus warning !
before going to punta cana , i read many reviews with regard to the paradisus ; some good and some bad , and since my travel agent recommended me the paradisus as one of the best resorts in punta cana , my wife and i (31 and 30) went there to spend a full week . ill try to be brief : im from spain , and let me tell you im ashamed that a spanish resort can allow such poor quality on food , organization , room quality and a very poor level of cleanness .
our room was dirty ( dirty sheets , dirty floor , dirty bathroom with no towels ) we claimed for towels all week long and im still waiting .
we used the beach towels in order to take a shower ( disgusting ) .
the room was very old and full of bugs ; the only thing that worked ( barely ) was the a/c .
food : same food every day and used the same food from the day before ( i can assure this information since i spoke with one of the cooks ) .
very low quality , over cooked in some cases .
pool : nice but as soon as you get close to the pool bar you just want to head back .
people drunk at the bar , full of kids drinking alcohol and pouring the drinks into the pool .
shouting , yelling , well , not too nice to have a relaxing drink at the pool .
beach : very nice but ok water .
the water is a bit rough so dont expect the crystal clear water from other caribbean locations or pacific locations .
for that , go to la romana .
do wake up early and reserve some hammocks by leaving your books or magazines , or you will have to lay down on the sand .
people : may seem friendly but at the end they will be really annoying .
they just want to be friendly so that they can earn a $ , not because they want to help .
remember that . overall : definitely a non 5 star hotel , 3 star max .
great grounds , good beach , that is it .
there are plenty of better places in the caribbean .
if you expect nice ocean water , great rooms , great service , friendly people , decent food a relaxing place to spend your vacation time , this is not the place .
please read this ! ! ! ! !
i just got back from there , and would never never return .
i have been to mexico , bermuda , aruba , st . lucia , and many parts of florida , and this was by far the worst vacation we had . it was my wife 's birthday , and picked this place because we were told by a travel agent it was the best place to stay . we brushed up on some spanish because we were told it was a good idea .
first off we arrived , and the airport , is very disorganized , we overheard a couple say paradisus so we followed them through a maze of buses to find ours , hopped on and waited for 20 minutes before we could leave .
do not understand why because when we left the bus driver was sitting the entire time and noone else entered the bus . we arrived at the resort , it looks nice but noone to great us or direct us to the desk checkin .
we find it and i ask for an ocean view seeing it was my wife 's birthday that week .
they said no ocean views as they were renovating . (that 's
an understatement ) .
their was construction going on in the beach lobby , the beach front and digging up walkways and grass to fix a/c . they have pictures of the renovated rooms .
our room had bugs , alot of bugs .
we could not enjoy the lobby bar yet , or have a drink because our mini bar did not have any drinks , and we had to wait for our luggage in the room . i called about the bugs and they said they would fumigate ( awesome ) .
when the luggage arrived 20 minutes later we waited for the maintenance to resolve the bug problem , 2 hours later they came by and dropped off a can of spray .
also we had a missing mirror in the main room to be used to get ready , it never was replaced . i called to get some beer for the mini bar . we headed down to get some pizza , eat and go back to the room to get ready for the evening .
since our afternoon was wasted .
when we return the a/c was not working .
so we called and they said half the resort had no a/c ( great ) still no beer in the mini bar . they dug a hole in the ground to fix the a/c and they broke something else .
now more bugs as the room got hotter . went to the lobby bar full of kids and rude europeans . went back to room slept with fan on and woke to a/c working . kids all over the restaurant , running around , no discipline by the parents . headed to the beach next morning no beach chairs avail , under shade , clearly stated no reserving chairs with towels , you must have one guest present to hold and beach chair .
noone seems to abide by this rule . went to the pool and found 2 chairs off to one side , no breeze at all .
went in the pool bar , more rude europeans and their misbehaving kids , splashing in your drinks and underage drinking at the bar . all bottled water and bottled pepsi was warm .
bottled water actually had 6 ingredients in it , water should be just water ! ! ! ! right . stuck to the bottled beer , instead . went back to the room and the a/c was broken again .
we left a tip for the main thinking maybe beer .
still no beer in mini barwent to the small fitness center and a/c broken their too .
could get much of a workout if you start sweating when you enter the building . called about the a/c and went to dinner at the japanese restaurant , no a/c there .
got back to room and requested we be moved to another room . really enjoying our vacation now , my wife is in tears . this room has a/c , but only if you turn all the lights off , you can either have lights or a/c but not both .
this room mini bar is broken and drinks are warm . i call about the mini bar and someone shows up with light bulbs ( that helps me how ) ?i call our rep at the lobby to explain our issues , she was very nice , but the only thing that happened was someone showed up to our room with 4 beers i had to suck down , because our mini bar was not working . now after about 4 days of this , the bottled water , gave my wife and i diarrhea .
i know this because we stayed clear of the salad and fruit , and used bottled water to even brush our teeth . nothing was done to rectify our horrible experience , and i would never return to that country . they are in need of a serious utility infrastructure overhaul .
extremely disappointed i just returned from punta cana where i spent one week at the paradisus all - inclusive resort .
the exterior of the resort was actually very beautiful - lush well manicured grounds with an abundance of flowers .
the beach was very clean and not too crowded .
the lagoon pool was also very beautiful , but did not have ample number of chairs to accomodate guests .
in fact , most areas were shaded by palms and tiki - like huts which did not allow much sun - tanning around the pool unless you sat in the water .
the biggest disappointments were the accomodations , food and service . accomodations - we stayed on the ground floor of building #29.
the room was very musty and damp .
although the chambermaids did a great job of cleaning the room each day , they did not have access to linens i would expect at a resort of this type .
the bed sheets and covers were frayed and spotted with smoking holes or dirt that did not wash out after laundering .
bath towels were scarce and extremely worn .
only after we tipped the chambermaid did we get more than one towel per person .
( the norm at most resorts is two towels per person , a hand towel and wash cloth . )
the air conditioning unit was stuck at a constant 60 degrees - freezing cold !
food - after having experienced superclub resorts in jamaica , sandals in jamaica , club med in turks and caicos and several all - inclusive resorts in cancun , the food at paradisus was terrible .
the only truly edible food was at the mexican restaurant .
the worst - the japaneese .
the buffet was substandard .
at most other restaurants and cruises the buffets are wonderful .
other than breakfast , i avoided the buffets . service - probably the most troubling was the service .
each morning i would come to the buffet for breakfast around 9:00 am .
by then most of the tables were not cleared from the previous diners .
i walked around table to table to find a clean fork , knife , napkin and coffee cup .
the waiters and waitresses just stood there and watched .
at the lobby bar , the bartenders aiting in line - even though i had been waiting longer .
almost comically , i was waiting for a drink when a 15 year - old boy came up to the bar after me .
the waiter saw me , ignored me and serviced the young boy .
no drinks were served around the beach or pool .
poolside and beachfront beverage service is quite common at resorts .
not this one !
i was extremely disappointed in my vacation .
the people of dominican republic are not ready for tourists .
kicked out my parents decided that it would be great to take my sister and me to this resort for the family vacation .
we arrived for a great 10 day vacation .
we had two suites , one of which had no a/c .
when we complained it took them two days to come over and that was because i hunted down somebody .
the smell of sewage is all over the place .
when asked not to put salt on the meals , it could have been the complete opposite .
after having 9 days at the resort my parents recieved a phone call stating that we needed to check out .
when they where informed that we where staying 10 days they stated that they did not have that information .
i went to the front desk and asked to see a copy of the arrival paperwork and there it was .
i asked to speak to the manager and he acted like it had been our fault and did not say sorry .
i will not go back to this resort again .
the vacation from hell this was the worst vacation i have ever had !
this was our honeymoon , but we ended up leaving the vacation after just two days .
the flight down was uncomfortable - small seats , cramped etc .
the hotel grounds smell like sewer , although the plants and lobby are very pretty . our a/c was broken , there was mold growng on the walls , the toliet was broken , the fridge was not cold .
the room was filthy - -our sheets still had sand in the from the guest that stayed in them before us .
people had to check into three or four rooms until they found a room that was not occupied .
the hotel did not keep track of who is in what room .
other guests has keys to our room .
we were up untill 1:00 am trying to get the staff to service our room .
all we wanted was a clean room .
we called 6 or 7 times , and had no response .
we talked to the front desk where we saw guests and staff fighting about the hotel .
people were sleeping on hotel couches because they had overbooked the hotel .
every guset we spoke to was unhappy .
we left the next day for home and spent the rest of the week sick from what we had eaten at that hotel .
the food is unsafe and disgusting !
do not vacation here !
cancel your reservation , asap ! - i hope you like cats because we had 3 stray cats in our room ! -
the food is unedible .
half of our party became sick .
the cafeteria smelled like a hospital .
there was absolutly no variation in meals day to day .
there was not even peanut butter and jelly or bagels .
no creative presentation of food .
- the rooms were fair however . . . we visited the paradisus the 2nd week ok christmas break and the resort was overbooked .
there were not enough rooms for all of the guests ( about 15% of the guests ) .
guests had to stay at other resorts ( some resorts up to 20 minutes away by car ) .
some guests were so outraged that a fight broke out in the lobby and furniture was thrown .
some parties were bumped from the resort for an entire week . -
the pool is nice however it is not deep enough to swim in - do not get your hair braided .
we witnessed the same man who braided someone 's hair used the same comb to comb his eyebrows while we were sitting there ! -
the only good part about the resort was the grounds .
they were beautiful and well maintained . the paradisus was overrated ! !
beware for overbookings , poor treatment and bad faith !
we arrived , my wife , two children and i , at 4 in the morning on christmas day after an exausting trip ( including a five hour flight delay from miami ) to be told that our hotel reservation was not in the hotel 's system ( notwitstanding us showing a paper copy of our fully confirmed cititravel reservation ) .
we were asked to wait until things cleared up .
by 9:30, the day manager arrived and told us it was the travel agency 's fault that never confirmed the reservation .
to make a long story short , we eventually managed to learn that the hotel was heavily overbooked and the manager had bet on us not showing up , arbitrarily canceling our well - confirmed reservation ahead of time .
upon threatening to call the police , a room became suddenly available ( i have great news for you . . . ) , but at twice the rate we had booked for .
we understood this was the clean way to get rid of excess , recalcitrant customers and finally left the paradisus by noon after finding a room at the excellent next door hodelpa caribe club where we were warmly welcomed and had a wonderful time .
in the end things turned out much for the better ! alain ize 
will never return we just returned from a week at paradisus and we will never return .
i understand that the two weeks surrounding christmas and new year 's is the busiest time but i found the lack of preparedness by the resort appalling .
several guests who did not book thru a major travel co ( e . g .
apple ) were left with no rooms with bogus offers to be tranported to other comparable resorts that d never materialized .
there was the daily fight for poolside and beach lounges .
the survival of the fittest mentality only grew worse as the week went on .
unless you staked out your lounge with a twel , book , sandal , or other object , you could not expect to find a lounge after 8:30 a . m .
beach towels were often not available for long periods during the day .
we found ouselves raiding the maid carts for the room towels to take to the beach .
many , if not most , of the employees have limited , if any , understanding of english .
i heard parents complaing that drinks ordered wihout alcohol for their children came more often with alcohol as the bartenders did not often seem to comprehend .
forget about the tram drivers or the maids understanding .
activities for the teens to college aged visitors were scarce .
other activities such as snorkeling were limited .
as an example , we wanted to go snorkeling .
there five in our group .
we were told we had to sign up 24-48 hrs in advance and that the two trips ( one hour ) were already filled .
each trip had only 8-10 people .
it waas not until we started complaing that all of the sudden another trip was added in the afternoon .
why should we have to grovel for towels , lounges , activities when we are paying very steep price ?
but still , what was most appalling was the fact that the management , after requiring 100% prepayment , overbooks rooms .
to me this is outright dishonesty .
i 'm not going to get into the restaurant hassles .
i will say the beach , pool , and grounds are beautiful ( altho they could make the ramps in the lobby more wheelchair accessible - -very steep ) .
our rooaily ( this , and my high school spanish and a pocket translator helped me get my needs met ) .
in summary , our group of fifteen adults and kids were unanimous in agreeing we would never return .
management needs a complete overhaul .
avoid this resort at all costs it was the worst vacation ever : all - you can eat closed just as we arrived from the airport ; the resort is too large ; there is no quality assurance policy : if you complain : no one cares and they will retaliate sneekily : most of the employees all know each other and stick together : i . e . the guy at the check - in desk is the same guy who gives out the towels at the pool and who also dances in the evening show .
the pool and beach side music had one cd : bob marley : they played it over and over all day long .
they offer you a drink from a jug that contains weeds and say it is a shooter : it will give you diarehha for 2 days !
there is no disco .
the return flight was changed two hours earlier and the hotel staff made no effort to inform us : while we waited for the shuttle : they knew full well it had already came : we had to catch a taxi and then missed the flight and had to pay for a new flight home : the airport did not take credit cards : only cash .
the medical doctor seemed to have knowledge of prescription drugs in the room which would suggest someone was going through personal belongings while we were at the beach .
do not leave the resort : it is very dangerous !
do not go ! ! ! we were told that this was a five apple resort and were very dissappointed to find that it was not the case .
rooms need refurbishing badly .
patio furniture is filthy .
tub was in terrible condition .
air conditioning not working as well as mini bar in our first room .
had trouble with lights not working .
when i plugged my hair dryer in it fried it .
the beach was not kept groomed .
garbage left out in view .
trash containers on beach not emptied regularly .
pool , although pretty to look at , needed work .
large areas of pool bottom were chipping .
most of the service was very poor .
were only given 2 towels per day and no washcloths .
when i asked for washclothes i was told they did not have any .
although platinum , guests were given them .
if you were not a platinum guest , you got poor everything .
when we tried to make reservations for restaurants we were told that they were already booked up .
that was a lie ! ! ! ! !
they only opened 1 per night .
although their ad tells you about a number of bars , they were not all open when we were there .
they also were charging for drinks in their disco when their ad says free drinks until 2:30 a . m .
you do not get what you pay for we went to the bavaro princess for a summer vacation in july 2008.
honestly , it was the worst vacation we 've ever had .
we had nothing but problems from the time we arrived , starting with trying to check in .
that was a big fiasco .
we had upgraded to the platinum package before leaving home , but the hotel could not find any record of that .
we had to pay for it again !
if you want anything resembling service , though , you have to get the platinum package . the food was terrible .
everything is buffet unless you make reservations at the restaurants , and those are very difficult to make without argument .
with the platinum package , you get to make reservations at the gourmet restaurant chopin , but that is almost a joke .
for instance , my wife ordered something called shrimp - stuffed portobello mushroom with hollandaise sauce .
when it came out , it really looked like canned dog food .
there was no portobello ( only domestic mushroom pieces ) , no shrimp ( just chicken ) , and no hollandaise sauce ( tomato - based ) .
we tried to complain in english and spanish ( my wife is fluent ) , but the waiter seemed unable to comprehend either . the rooms look ok at first sight .
they are typical caribbean construction ( cement ) .
the a/c did not work very well , and the bathroom was not included in the air - conditioning .
we had small black bugs in our bed on two different nights , and we had large geckos running around our room on two other nights . the best part of the stay was the beach .
the dr has some nice beaches , and we actually stayed out there more than anywhere else . if you are planning on vacationing in the dr , learn spanish and stay somewhere else .
americans do not go ! ! ! ! !
we stayed at the resort from july 31 to august 7.
we will never return back .
we are open minded people and do not complain about a lot of things , we have traveled to punta cana , mexico and jamaica .
we realize that we are not in the states .
the resort was too large , and we had our two kids .
the trams were always full and the rude people from the other countries would jump in front of you .
no matter where we have traveled we have always had great service .
we were always figyhting to get help .
the others that spoke spanish were helped right away and got better service .
we had little bugs in our room .
they were like ants , i think they came off the fresh flowers they leave in your room .
that did not bother us .
but the roaches did .
they were in the bathroom and they were little ones .
so i called and they sprayed our room .
the next day we had roaches in our bedroom that were at least 1-2 inches long .
i wanted to go home .
the night before we left i found 2 in our suitcases .
i have never had this experience anywhere we have traveled .
our suitcases never came in our house and i washed everything .
keep them closed .
we had a sewage smell coming from our bathroom .
the room had a broken towel rack and some mildew , but that did not bother us .
we never had towels , we had to call every night at 6: 00 to get some .
the wet bar sink lifted up , and had no water connected to it .
i poured some water in it to empty a bottle out and it went on the floor .
the drain was not even connected .
i felt like a total outsider there .
we not treated like the others .
the beach and the grounds were awesome .
they were always working .
although there is a sewer plant that the tram passes and it almost made me get sick when we passed it .
i was very glad to get home .
after 2 days there i was counting the days to go home .
that has never happened .
the food is nothing to brag about .
my kids survived on pasta noodles and rice .
i had salad most of the time and nachos .
overall , do not book .
i tought it would be ok because i saw the mixed reviews .
it was a good deal , but never again .
this is not a 5 star resort .
big mistake if anyone is trying to make the decision whether to stay at bavaro princess - - - do not ! ! ! !
i got on travel advisors and there was enough pictures and negative things that i wish i had listened to them but i was stupid and listened to those that would say the oppisite and convince me that the people writting were just negative people . . . they were not , believe me i 've went to punta cana 6 times and always stayed in a 5 or 6 apple resort and i know the difference . .bavaro princess should be rated no more than a 3. .
my friend and i arrived there may the 12th and the bell boys took our luggage and showed us where to catch the tram and we waited and waited just like people had said we would . .we finally walked to our room which had not been cleaned , i turned the tv on to see if we got any latin music because i love it and the tv was not working . . the maid reported it , ,then after she left we was looking the room over , ,sure enough like we had been advised , ,there was bugs , mildew on the walls , and the light in the bathroom would not work . .i called to report that and then we got ready to go eat . .we went out to the tram stop and waited again for 10 minutes and finally the tram came , , , full , ,we finally walked and it was a long walk , believe me , ,i was told about the sewage smell but again did not believe it , ,i do now , ,it was terrible . .dinner was good until later when i was running to the bathroom often , it was too dark in the main lobby and we went to the show which was a magic show , very boring .
well we decided to go in , get some sleep and start over tomorrow . .no tv and no light in the bathroom , ,luckily i took a flashlight .
the next morning i was so sick i could not eat breakfast and soon after breakfast my friend was sick . .we went to apple and ask to be moved . .after checking around , they found us a great resort and we moved . .please if you 're thinking about going look some more . .i 'm really upset that apple would rate this place a 5 as bad as it was . . . i 'm sure if these people that give great reviews had been to any other resorts they 'd realize that bavaro princess has a lot of problems . .our vacation was ruined from getting an enzyme or poisoned the first day . .i go to enjoy everything , ,always look foward to the food , drinks , entertainment , ,i missed all of that and was moved to a fabulous resort but was too sick .
do not be pulled in by the good price like i did , ,i regretted it .
i hope you 'll listen to me . .thanks susan 
worst service i 've ever had just returned from 5 days at the bavaro princess resort . we have travelled extensively around the world and a lot in the carribean .
we love to mix with locals when possible and really enjoy the culture .
unfortunately , punta cana does not make that very feasible .
the place is filthy dirty , runned down and generally not safe for tourists .
the grounds of the resort were very nice , however really needed better upkeep .
the rooms were in dire need of upgrade renovations . the resort offered a platinum package which vacations to go were not aware of .
however i was able to negotiate that when i arrived .
the package gives you access to premium liquors ( or all they have is no name brands ) it allows you free internet access , slipper and robes in your room and clean beach towels delivered to your room daily .
also entrance to the specialty restaurants for free .
( normally a fee of $30.00 per person ) it also gives you a private butler on the beach . . . or just someone to take your orders so you do not have to keep going up to the bar/restaraunt . we did not recieve the slippers , robes or beach towels until our last night !
there was no premium liquor .
they only had 2 brand name liquor and 1 brand name beer corona at any given time and they were sold out by 2 in the afternoon .
so we never did have premium liquor .
the free entrance to the specialty restaruant was allocated to us at by a date determined by the resort . . . and in our case fell on the day before we recieved our vouchers . . . then when we tried to re - book the restaurant was closed to private functions .
( how pathetic ) .
i never saw a server on the beach once and we were on the beach from 8:00 to 4:00 everyday .
the cost to the upgrade was $35.00 per person per night .
it is a must that both people in room pay the cost .
it cost me 285.00 for nothing .
i was very disappointed .
also out of the 50 people working at the resort .
only 2 spoke english .
no one at any bar or restaurant spoke english at all .
we tried every night to order wine . . . there was a list for those who wanted to pay extra .
the first night we ordered . . . they came back to us after we finisheddinner with a different bottle saying they were out of what we ordered but that this was similar .
we order a differnt bottle every night of our 4 night stay and ended up getting the same stand in bottle as apparently they do not really have a wine list . . . just a facade . other than the fact the beach was very nice and water was great .
it was a poor excuse for a resort .
there were less than desireable people occupying the resort which i 'm not at liberty to describe due to content control of this website .
in my opinion they do not deserve a tourist industry .
do not stay here ! ! ! ! warning ! ! ! save your money ! ! ! hey all . . . i booked this trip through a travel agent who swore up and down it was a great place ! !
i wo not beat around the bush .
if you want the truth here it is :1.
the rooms were musty and smelled ! ! !
we have had to wash our clothes several times since we got back to get the smell out .2.
the food was ok .
by no means gourmet .
the hispanola buffet was garbage ! ! ! mcdonalds would have been better food .3.
the employees , including the concierge , did not speak english .
i understand this is a foreign country , but i feel there should have been people on duty at all times that were multi - lingual in case of an emergency .
there were tourists from all over the world , and i listened to them struggling to communicate . .
i was very worried having my wife and three daughters with me that if something bad was to have happened , we would be in big trouble .4.
we went outside the front gate to shop for trinkets .
the hotel prices were highway robbery .
( $9.00 for a tiny tube of anti - biotic cream for a cut .
the 24 hour doctor on the premises wanted to charge me $40.00 us for a perscription for the same cream . )
at the local shops the vendors were high pressure , which you expect , but when you would not pay the outrageous prices , they yelled at you and said things like you are rich , we are poor . . . .you should give us money !
i was shocked .5.
my wife found a small snake in the bath tub .
it took off down the drain when i tried to get it .6.
you have to pay for the platinum club ( $30.00 a day per person , even kids ! ! ) for top shelf liquor .
the bottom shelf liquor was garbage , and the drinks were made in 8 oz .
plastic cups .7.
the beach was nice , however , there were people walking up and down trying to sell excursions .
i just wanted to lay in the sun and relax , not deal with salesmen all day . bottom line . . . . . do not waste your money here ! ! ! !ajr 
i do not recomend my husband and i spent 10 days at this hotel , and we were terribly disappointed . first of all , our room was so far away from the beach that we had to take a mini - bus to take us there , and it took 10/15 minutes .
you had to think very well before leaving the room , and check if you had everything you need , cause it was a hell of a ride to get you back .
our room was old and it smelled old .
the ac was very noisy and it didnt refresh the room , except in full power ( =full noise ) .
there was a leak in the ac , and kept raining the entire week .
when we were brushing our teeth , the water fell from the roof right in our necks .
this has never been repaired , in spite the cleaning lady put towels to abosrb the water . we had absolutely no view in our room !
we had a wall of vegetation , that kept the light to enter the room ! one night we found a cocroach in the bathroom . personally
i found the employees rather careless and a bit arrogant .
they were only nice to you if they saw a dollar bill in your hand .
the food in the main restaurant was all rigt , but the fish restaurant was terrible .
it smelled bad and old .
the lobster was terrible , the butter sauce was not good , and the wine was the worst i have ever drank . though we were extremely carefull not to drink water , ice , and raw vegetables , we were both sick for 2 days and it was horrible .
be very carefull with the food and take meds for this . .i will not recommend this hotel to anyone .
i dont know why this is a 5 star hotel . . .
i have been to 5 star hotels everywere around the world and none of them were like this .
in fact , i stayed in a 4 star hotel in cuba that was better than this one ! !the only thing i really liked was the beach . . . . .
disgusting the rooms are disgusting , dirty , and infested with mosquitos .
i stayed at dreams for a week ( had a fantastic experience there ) , and on the day we were to leave , our flight was delayed 9 hours , so sunwing put us up at the bavaro princess for one night .
the bavaro princess is nothing compared to dreams .
the rooms may be a little bigger , but the tub was rusting , the shower curtain had stains on it , there was a leak in the closet .
we had no moquitos at dreams whatsoever , and the princess had them everywhere , they do not take care of their grounds very well .
i did not get a chance to explore the grounds as we arrived at night .
the buffet had no choices and the food was all cold . stay away from this hotel , book dreams instead ! ! ! ! dreams is amazing .
go go vacations - terrible experience go go vacations , bavaro princess hotel , punta cana , dominican republic  trip dates : july 02, 2007 thru july 11, 2007this letter was an official complaint sent to gogo vacations and hotel : for deplorable and unacceptable condition of trip accommodations provided by go go vacations , bavaro princess hotel . we paid for first class accommodations in your hotel and received :1) at our arrival room was not ready .2)
when we got the room it had only one bed ( all accommodations noted 4 people ) .3)
we did not get room serviced until day 3!4) hotel smelled like sewer ( so strong that it caused head aches and nausea ) .
( later learned there was problems with water lines )5) we got poisoned by hotel food on 6 ( six ! ) occasions .6)
on july 7, 8, 9 ( that?? 3 days ! )
we did not have hot water ! ! !7) shower in our room had not enough pressure to operate , during our stay .8)
we requested remote control for tv on two occasions and did not get it at all .9)
we requested safe key and did not get it at all .10)
the service at main restaurant ( next to lobby ) was non - existent : we had to ask for water or drinks for at least 3 times ( and there is no self service allowed ! ! ! ) and on one occasion had to wait for 45 minutes to get water ( in 95degree weather ! ! ! with kids at the table ) , plates where cleaned up very sporadically and it was very obvious that priority was given to spanish - speaking guests over english - speaking gests all the time ! ! ! on numerous occasions there was not enough forks and teaspoons during lunch hours11) the auto - train running on premises had no room for guests about 20% of the time and except for one had no room for strollers , making it effective waiting time close to 20-30 minutes .12)
on departure from hotel puerto tours bus was scheduled to pick us up to the airport at 8:30 am and after multiple calls finally arrived to the hotel at 9:25am causing us quite a fear of missing the plane ( flight scheduled at 11:25 and route to hotel about 30 minutes ) , by the time we entered airport our plane was finishing boarding . we requested full refund and after 2 month of arguments we were refunded 2 days ' cost , and offered $100 credit by gogo if booked thru themplease note there are so many great hotels in punta cana , this one should be avoided at any costs ( it took us 3 weeks just to recuperate and endless comunications with gogo to get this resolved , to their satisfaction ) 
do your homework before you book at the bavaro princess if you don?? care about cockroaches , mosquitoes , and floods in your suite , then the bavaro princes is your destination .
if you don?? care about customer service and fighting your way to get something to eat or find a spot around the swimming pool , then the bavaro princes is your destination . i belive long time ago this resort used to be 5 stars , but through time , they lost at least 1.5 to 2 starts .
i strongly believe this resort should be rated at 3.5 stars . on a positive note , the beach was fantastic and the food was okay? ? /p>
the worst resort we ever been at ! ! ! my husband and i are frequent travelers out of the country , and we have never had an experience quite like this ! after eating at the japanese restaurant , several hours later we both became terribly ill , as well as several others in our party .
so sick , we had to be seen by the hotel doctor .
at the buffets you could see many bugs around and in the food .
we lost several days of our vacation due to being laid up in the room .
we complained to hotel management both during and after our stay , and they did not offer any satisfaction .
nor did the travel company who put this charter together .
let me tell you about the hotel room . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . smelled of mold with visible mold and cracks on the walls and cieling .
leaky malfunctioning plumbing and faulty electrical faulty electrical .
we were lucky if our room was cleaned by 5pm every day .
if you prefer an oceanview room , there are very few .
the only thing we actually liked at this resort was the beach . . . . . . . . . . . . . very beautiful , smooth , walkable long strech .
keep off ! ! !
i do not know what to start with .
the problems started first minute we came in and last through the whole week .
first ? ? check - in .
it took over 3 hours to get keys .
and after that ? ? the room was not ready yet !
and it took another hour to get baggage from front desk .
second ? ? utilities did not work properly .
we had to call service every other day .
no water in the room , leakage from upstairs , poor cleaning , etc .
and the worst was food .
it was real poison !
there were 11 people in our group , and 9 of them got sick from the food .
it wasn?? at one day .
it was during whole week .
more , we spoke with other tourists ( from canada , europe ) , and they had casualties too .
if you want to enjoy your vacation ? ? stay away ! - unlucky vacationers from nj .
rd not any more a travelling choice i have just return from a 14 days stay in that pricess hotel .
on arrival my agent ask for beach view . . . . they gave my the most far door from the beach you can have at this hotel , the room smell mould a lot , there was black mould all arround the bath tub , the door on patio side have been forced so it was not possible to lock it , it is a fist floor room .
we had to spend more than half an hour with the reception to have an other room .
the other room on the same model except my wife and i had to sleep on twin bed because they had only this room with twin beds to offer .
the room was not clean because there was sans on the floor , burn and broken fixtures in the bathroom , also there was some birds excrement on the door frame .
the first morning we want to use the coffee maker but there was no electrical outlet near by for it , the wire was 1 foot long , we hade to use the bathroom outlet . after few days we notice , the small fridge in the room was not refilled every day as per advertised we had to ask for beer and soft drink , there was no face cloth , we ask for 2 but they could find out only one for us , some days we had 3 towels some days 2, some days 4, some days we had body lotion some days conditionner some days shampoo and most of the time we had to ask to have something who was missing .
the only thing they do okay it the beds and that 's allthe food was good but the service is very very poor even for the buffet , there is some food or beverage who was only served by waiter , but be very patient and repeat often what you want and be patient again .
there is 5 a la carte restaurants food is good but one night at the japanese they were washing the floor , wich was very dirty , while we were eating , after the lunch the waiter told us to to go into the entrance to have our desert . . . . on a very low table . . . a pain .
on the second week there are some friends (5) who have been sick after eating in the japenese restaurant . the personel of the hotel seem to be nice only if you tip , they do not do think if you do not tip .
they are arrogant and they do not us to spend any more money in their hotel and countrythis is not a 5 stars hotel this may be 3 1/2 stars at the most but they charge for a 5 stars and they irritate you all the time with a dolars , even my wife was ask for a dollars at the hotel jewellry guy while she was looking the jewellery in the counteri do not recommand bavaro pricess hotel even i will not return to dominican republica i will spend my money somewhere else 
prepare yourself for a nightmare we went to bavaro princess for a wedding with about 25 people .
the trip started off good the hotel is visually beautiful and beach is amazing .
that 's were it ends . . . .the customer service is the worst i ever received - i can go on and on about that .
for intance waiting for room service for over an hour on more than one occasion .
wating for a day for an addtional blanket .
everytime you called to follow up on requests for room service - you were received with an argument on the phone asking am i sure that i spoke to that person etc . we had about 5 or more from our group that became ill from the food one even had to be taken to the hospital during our stay .
the night of the wedding no special accomidations were made for the bride or the groom .
the reception was held outside in a sectioned off area that the staff continued to let other guest walk right through reception party ( we actually had a drunk hotel guest come up during the reception and ask if he could have a piece of cake ) .these
are minimal examples of things gone wrong - it was a short story horror .
what ever customer service mishap could happen - happened .
after the first two illnesses i was so afraid to eat i stuck with bread and rice .
i still got sick came home and was in bed for two full days .
if you still have time make another reservation if you already made it here .
if you havent made one yet - do not make it with tis hotel ! ! ! !
hated the whole trip we went to the dominican republic for my nephews wedding .
i thought i would have a great time and really looked forward to this vacation .
oh was i wrong .
we arrived at the hotel after 3pm .
we had 2 rooms booked , neither one of the rooms were ready .
we had to wait over 1hour for our rooms .
we had no where to change cloths because the hotel took our luggage when we arrived .
that was the beginning of our nightmare .
when we finally we able to get into our rooms , the smell of mold was horrible .
the curtians had black mold on them .
the shower had only water dripping out of the shower head and the water smelled like we showered in sewer water .
one of our rooms toilet did not work for four days .
we only stayed five days .
thank goodness our rooms were across from each other so we can use the other toilet .
after finally getting settled and changed , we went to find dinner .
the dominican people on the resort were not friendly at all .
they treated americans very bad .
i noticed if you did not speak spanish and were american you were treated like trash .
ever person i spoke to from america said the same thing .
one couple i spoke to said that they have been to other resorts in the dominican and were treated so much better .
they rated this resort as a zero .
our rep from vip tours who was at the resort to help us , us very rude and was very unhelpfur to us .
she was only avail if lucky 2 hours a day .
which as in the middle of the day .
so you had to work your day around her schedule .
also she was never on time .
my overall experience of the dominican republic is terrible and i will never recommend anyone to go there for a vacation .
wedding problems i have been looking for a great site for a punta cana wedding for months .
i finally picked the bavaro princess . . . .but when it came down to it i could not book the wedding .
i called numerous times and they said i can only book if i sent them an e - mail so i did and got no response ! ! !
i had the date and a million invitations that needed to be sent out and warnings to guests that they need to get their passports .
it all fell through .
the hotel offered no help in booking the whole purpose for us to go down there .
i have totally wasted months in trying to have the dream wedding me and my family and friends would want .
the hotel itself had it all and all close by .
it by far offered the perfect price , activities ( more vast than most resorts ) , and spacey rooms .
the wedding was a huge disappointment .
please be cautious .
i still have yet to get married .
honeymoon gone bad we went to the bavaro princess resort for our honeymoon .
we got there on july 30 through august 4th i hated every day and could not wait to come home .
our trip started out bad and kept getting worse .
we got into the dominican republic airport 2 1/2 hours late after sitting at the phl airport for way too long .
we meet our transportation which was this mini van who took us to the hotel with only us in the vehicle and a spanish speaking driver .
the worse thing about this hotel is that ever one speaks spanish and very little english .
the entertainment is all in spanish the music is in spanish .
the service is terrible and trying to communicate with anybody is impossible .
we purchased a honeymoon suite w/jaccuzzi .
arriving to the hotel they stated that they have no suites with jaccuzzi and gave us a room near the beach .
i could care less that i was near the beach .
i absolutly hated this resort i am so disappointed in my travel agencies and the vip services who did absolutely nothing for us while we were there .
never again my husband and i just came back from bavaro princess last saturday .
we even paid extra just to get home early .
this vacation was one of the biggest disappointments ever .
i wish i had read the postings on this website before we booked our vacation .
although from the appearance of our room it looked liked it was very nice .
just wait until the middle of the night when the cockroaches come out .
it got to the point where i made my husband go on bug duty before i could even use the bathroom .
we saw several roaches scurrying for cover when we turned on the lights in the bathroom in the evenings .
some mornings we would even find dead roaches lying on the floor in the main room . . . .yuck !
both of us would wake in the morning with bites on our legs , backs , and sides we 're sure there must have been bed bugs .
service at this hotel is almost non - existent .
although we were only the 4th couple in line we waited over an hour to check in .
while dining in the restaurants we were lucky if we could even get our water glasses filled .
the food in the restaurants was mediocre at best .
not sure if i got a touch of a bug from the food or just an upset stomach .
the japanese restaurant however , was very good .
the beach was beautiful .
be warned though . . . if you are sitting under a palm tree or a tiki hut you will most likely encounter spiders crawling on you while you rest .
this would probably happen at any beach though .
the non - motorized water activity stand that was supposed to be included required a deposit for any equipment you wanted to use .
sure it was only a deposit but the whole point of the all - inclusive is that you do not need to carry any money with you .
also fellow guests were very rude at the beach .
the days we went to the beach we arrived between 8:30 am and 9:00 am the beach itself was practically empty however people had come by and placed their belongings on the prime real estate lounge chairs then do not come back until 11 or 12.
this is not fair to the people like us who are there at the beach to actually use the chairs .
although hotel policy states that unattended belongings left on chairs for more than 30 minutes will be removed this does not happen and we had even gotten into an argument with a couple after we had been accused of stealing their chairs although we had been sitting in them for 90 minutes already .
the pool seems to have the same situation regarding chairs although we did not spend much time at the pool .
one evening as we left the seafood restaurant we looked at the empty pool floating in one end was vomit , noodles actually floating in the water .
the pool was already closed for the evening at this point and maintenance crews were adding the chemicals .
why they were not removing the vomit i do not know .
also , on tuesday a baby snake had fallen from the grass roof above the swim up bar into the pool .
i hate snakes .
these two incidents were enough to keep us out of the pool .
finally , the worst part of our vacation .
my husband developed a large red spot on his forehead during our second full day .
we initially thought this was some sort of spider bite as we had fallen asleep on the beach .
as the days passed it grew larger and larger finally on thursday night we decided we needed to get home so he could have it looked at by a doctor back in the us .
we messed around with the apple reps for so long on friday morning that we were not able to make any of the flights out that day .
we finally said fine put us on the first flight back to the us on saturday morning , we do not care what city it flies into we 'll figure out how to get home from there on our own .
we were told that flight had 3 seats available .
we said great we 'll take that flight only to be told we could not be guaranteed this flight we would have to go stand - by !
in the end it worked out and we did get on the first flight out saturday morning .
after a long day of traveling on saturday my husband decided to take some benedryl for the bite on his head saturday night and get to the er first thing sunday morning .
sunday morning the swelling on his forehead had spread and he could barely open his right eye .
when he got to the er the doctor told him that it was not a bite after all , instead he had contracted some sort of infection .
we still do not know what it is whether it is viral or bacterial he is on antibiotics for both for the next 7 days .
we are uncertain for sure on how this infection was contracted but we do have a guess .
when we were at the beach on monday , our first full day we were approached by the hotel photographers to have our picture taken with their monkey .
we thought it would be a cute picture .
it was a cute picture we actually bought a copy from the hotel that evening .
however , it seems very likely that as the monkey moved from sitting on my husbands shoulder up to sit on the top of his head the monkey may have inadvertently scratched him on the forehead thus contracting the infection .
be warned to stay away from any animals while in a foreign country you never know how well they are taken care of in terms of illnesses .
smelly room/horrible food this was our first trip to the dr .
when we got to there , the paradisus which we booked through amex was fully booked and had no rooms .
they put us up at the bavaro princess , which we were very upset about .
we stayed at this hotel for one night only .
the first room they put us in smelled of mildew and the a/c was broke .
the second room was better , but the mattress was rock hard the the bathroom had mildew and cracks on the ceiling .
we ate at the buffet because we could not get into any of the nicer restaurants .
the food was horrible .
well , we went home the next day .
our vacation was ruined .
between these 2 hotels , we will not be going back to punta cana .
terrible overall we read the reviews but did not believe .
this hotel is aweful .
we are not picky , but this resort is horrible . our rooms smelled of mildew .
we asked around and most people agreed that the rooms were smelly .
the room also had little bugs and the matress smelled also .
we have traveled all over and this was the worst hotel we have ever stayed at .
the food was okay , but the service was terrible .
the wait staff was miserable and rude .
it took forever to get a cup of coffee .
we requested a new matress due to a back problem , at first they told us no problem but they never gave us a new one and told us to sleep on the floor .
the pool had 2 restaurants that burnt down a few weeks back and debris is all over the pool area .
they were also jackhammering the entire time we were at the pool .
the pools are also dirty and slippery around the edges because of the debris .
the food on the beach is horrible with flies constantly swarmimg around .
there was no nightlife , the shows were absolutley terrible , i could have put on a better show .
this hotel is definitley not worth going to , it 's worth spending the extra money on a better resort .
the only vacation i ever starved on !
i 'm typically the type of traveler that does not stay in resorts .
my little sister was getting married in punta cana and all the guests arranged their travel plans through the same travel agent .
we all stayed in the bavarro princess hotel .
my first problem was that after a long trip from new york to punta cana , we were not able to immediately check in to our room .
we got to the hotel at 11am and could not check in until after 3pm .
we were hungry naturally but could not eat until 12:30.
the only thing available to eat was basically fast food . . . burgers and fries that were not even as good as mcdonalds .
at 12:30 there was a buffet that reminded me of school lunch .
we finally checked into our room and found out that if we wanted to eat anything outside of the buffet we had to make reservations .
but by the time we got settled in our room and made it to the reservation desk it was too late .
the manager actually said to us that he did not care because he still gets paid the same ! ! !
that was a friday .
breakfast on saturday stopped being served at 10.
we were so tired we slept in as people do on vacation so we missed it .
thank god saturday evening was the wedding because at least we had some good food .
we fought tooth and nail to get a reservation for all of us sunday night at one of the restaurants on the resort .
after spending yet more of our vaction time arguing to get a reservation , we go to the restaurant and it is basically empty .
one night we lost our room key .
it took two calls from my mothers room and 1 hour to get a replacement key .
in our wedding party there were complaints of slow service to fix various things that were broken in all of the rooms .
the sheets smelled like cigarettes .
one persons room had no ac for two days .
the nice things were that it is visually a beautiful place . . . the beach , the wild animals running around , the palm trees and coconuts everywhere .
the pool is nice and the bar is truly the only thing that is pretty much always open although the drinks are watered down .
wil never go back we will never return .
very rude staff as well as when we ariived we were up all night killing the cockroaches and in the morning the room was full of little centipedes .
they would not even offer a new room even after the staff saw this .
the toilet did not flush and no water pressure to take a shower .
the ceiling fan was hanging by a bolt and about to fall down .
guys prepare to be very uncomfortable .
we were asked to leave while eating dinner because i did not know that you have to wear a full sleeve shirt to have a meal despite the heat and humidity .
very unprofessional to tell us to leave our meal cause of this .
then get a tram to go back to the room to change to go all the way back to the bar wear the buffet is .
prepare to do a lot of walkin .
only 2 bars . 1 at the beach and 1 in the very front entrance .
every one i talked to is just as upset .
mainly about the dress code for men amongst other things .
please do not ignore the many bad reviews ! ! !
it is not uncommon for a hotel to receive a few bad reviews here and there , as some people just can not be satisfied .
however , i am warning you not to stay at this resort .
our entire party experienced severe stomach cramps and diarrhea basically the entire duration of the trip .
and based on the number of people who have also got sick at this resort ( just do a simple search yourself ) , believe me . . there is seriously somthing wrong with the food at this resort .
spend your money elsewhere !
do not risk it .
bavaro princess hotel - no no when we arrive at our room , the odor was horrible .
it stinks like hell in the room .
we asked for a new room .
in this new room , it was impossible to stay on the balcony because there was a broken pipe beside and it smells bad again . during 3 days , we took cold shower even if we ask to fix it .
one time , the front desk told me let the water running till i get hot water . . . . . we tried to do reservations in their restaurants but there was no place available .
the front desk told us that we have to reserve before 7h30 in the morning to have a chance to have an available table . . . .one night , at the sea food restaurant , we ate a langoustine and 4-5 hours after , my daugthter and me were in an ambulance to go to the hospital . . . . .
we stayed there for almost 2 days . do not go there please .
you will regret it .
not even close to 5* rating ! ! !
i booked my trip to dominican republic through applevacations . com .
for starters , i got my papers 3 days late , even though they sent it through fedex . the flight from sfo to atlanta was ok , then i connected there to punta cana .
let me start with the rating applevacations . com
it 's not accurate at all .
at the most , i 'd give it 3.5 stars .
the property is old , the mattreses in my suite were covered in g - d knows what .
the mini fridge had a broken freezer .
barely wam water in the shower .
and those monstrous cockroaches ! ! ! i have never seen that big of a cockroach .
it flew too .
now the stuff speaks minimum english , when u tell them to fix a broken hairdryer , their 5 minutes , sir turned into 2-3 days .
one of the floor manager by the name armando is a liar ! ! !
when we booked on of those dinners at the 5 of the restaurants on site , the stuff at chopin spoke no english at all .
they showed us a wine list and we thought it was all included .
at the end of our dinner they brought us a piece of paper , saying that we owe 53$+26% tax for the bottle of wine .
i had a huge argument at the check - out day with that armando guy .
when i called applevacations . com to resolve that issue for me , he lied to them , saying that stuff speaks perfect english .
so on that sour note , i say this place is a big no - no ! ! !
do not stay here ! ! !
we had a group of twelve people ( eight adults , four children ) and not one of us was satisfied with the resort .
although the beaches and pool where very nice the rooms , food and service where terrible . the rooms : our group had four rooms .
three of the four rooms smelled like mold .
we had to demand a new room for one of the families in our group due to ants in the bed .
the water pressure in the showers was very bad and the hot water was luke - warm at best .
the food : the resort has a reservation system for all the restraunts except one buffet .
of the seven nights we where there we had to eat at the buffet all but two due to the lack of open tables at the other restraunts .
to make reservations you must be at the front lobby at 8:00 am the day before you want the reservation ( i do not know about you but i enjoy sleeping in on vacation ) .
we did not have any meals at this resort that would be anywhere near five star .
most of the time we ate the fresh fruit and noodles from the pasta bars .
the service : the best way to sum up the service at the bavaro princess is that the staff just does not care .
at meals it was hard to get served drinks .
at most meals there was not enough silverware on the tables .
of the two times that we did have reservations they messed one of them up ( they tried to make us eat at 10:00 pm instead of 8:00 pm ) .
they charged $24 us for a two minute local phone call from the room .
when we complained about the smell in the rooms they did nothing about it .
there where times of the day when you could not get anything to eat .
the bars and restraunts hours where not convienent .
the entertainment was not very good .
the only pool was closed from 7:00 pm until 8:00 am for chemical treatment .
the public restrooms where not clean . overall the best advice i can give you on the bavaro princess is do not stay here ! ! !
would not recommend this place we just returned from a week at the princess bavaro and very disappointing .
nowhere near a 5 star hotel .
the accommodation provided through sunwing tours was sub standard and not clearly described .
there are 3 levels of accommodation/service and the top being platinum , one might have a better experience if you are able to book this level .
this is a huge property and a beautiful one at that , however , the staff were clearly unable to handle the numbers of guests .
we found that if you were fluent spanish you also had a better chance of better , quicker service .
we had a medical emergency in our group , and fortunately it was only a perforated eardrum and the response to our request for assistance was very upsetting .
had it been anything more serious and you could not speak spanish , it could be very serious consequences .
yes it is a different country and reference is continuously made to dr time , they are still charging top prices for substandard service .
the buffets were adequate but the individual restaurants , sakura , pescadora , chopin , were awful . . . .when we asked for assistance at the casino the dealer rolled her eyes at us because we were not able to communicate in spanish .
clearly not customer focused for all guests . . . . . the beach is beautiful , but it was very crowded and the water was very rough .
very windy at this time of year . . . . . however no one makes this clear before you travel . .we have been to all but 5 islands in the carribbean and this experience has been the most disappointing . . . . . .
terrible grauenhaft we stayed 2 weeks .
ambiente of the resort is nice ( viewed from distance ) if you look closer : maximum 3- star - place .
food  wine : disgusting .
i talked to the manager of restaurants and services . . .
he agreed with me ! ! ! kidsclub : forget it ! ! 2 tv sets in the miniclub running all day long .
no kids entertainment !
the kids were bored to death !
rooms : 3- star - rating maximum ! ! service : non existing : f . e : you have to line up for registering in the restaurans . . ( we are takling about a 5 star place ) . . . . pool : quite dirty .
animation : boring but the evening shows are ok .
beach : nice and clean . summary : if do not expect 5 star food , service , etc it 's ok but remember : do not pay more than for a 3 star hotel ! !
sick in paradise a family group of four adults when to this resort in third week of november 2006 and were extremely sick from the food .
we were all very careful in our food selection choices , however we were all violently ill .
we spoke to other patrons from other countries and they also had become sick .
we do not know the exact cause as yet but we are seeking medical advice .
the grounds were meticulous and the weather was simply wonderful , however we spent the a great majority of our holiday time in the loo .
this was our second trip to the dominican republic and after this experience we will never be returning .
signed , stil feeling the effects . . . . . winnipeg , manitoba 
awful ! ! !  overall the facilities were ok .
the rooms were nice , but where the trip went wrong was the food and service .
we were there with a wedding party , and more than half the people got sick from the food .
i 'm dominican and the food was a disaster , they did not cook anything good for breakfast lunch or dinner .
the snack place had something called a burger , but no could tell what it really was .
they messed up rice  beans , platano maduros ( they put maple syrup in them ) , just awful .
then to top it all off the service was really bad .
they have no professionalism , its a bunch of jokers and guys hitting on the girls in the wedding party .
at checkout or bill was incorrect and they did not even try to fix it .
they knew we had a plane to catch so they said they could not check us out until we paid the additional money .
the phone was chanrged a collect call when we werent in the room , and prices on services chnaged after we had used them ( message was $10 more than what we were told ) if the place was worth it , the additional money would not have been a big deal , but since the place was awful we really did not want to hear it .
i told the manager that this experience could cost him visitors and he did not care .
people stay somewhere else .
a friend told us that barcelo resorts was much better .
disgusting awful ! auwful ! and just plain awful !
what they served at the restaurants didnt even come close to food .
my children only ate fries and pizza , something i would never allow at home but i couldnt blamr them .
the europeans are down right the rudest people i have ever met ! service stunk .
we sat in sakura for one hour before recieving an appetizer .
we waited in line for a drink and if someone with a vip bracelet came up they were waited on before you even though the bartenders knew that we had been there first .
i didnt know that vip at a hotel met you could but in line ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the beach was georgous but much improvement is needed on service .
nothing to do for the teenagers at all after 11 pm .
ill be back to puerta vallarta and cancun first 
what a nightmare let me just start out by saying what a beautiful place but , needs extreme help in the food and service dept .
we book a family vacation every year .
my brothers , sister and all our kids go .
there is 15 in total .
we are from miami and have been to other all inclusive resorts and i will never return to this one .
your food is included but , you must make reservations ahead of time .
you cannot get a reservation in the restaraunt that you want to eat in that night and we found out that you cannot get into the restaraunts without the men wearing long pants and a collared shirt .
all of the guys in our group did not bring long pants but , nice linen shorts and they were not allowed in .
the only solution was to wear the staff/worker pants to dinner that did not fit .
it looked riduculous but , we did not want to eat at the hot outside buffet every night .
mind you , the women can wear anything .
our air conditioner , toilet , refrigerator did not work properly .
the room is nice but , needs help .
if you want service , you must tip the employees or you sit there without drinks , etc .
we did not know about the upgrade , it 's worth it .
all our kids got sick and there was only 1 bottle of pepto available at the store .
bring plenty of suntan lotion , it 's approx .
00 a bottle and chips are expensive also .
the pool and beach are nice and the entertainment team is great .
we were told not to leave the resort and there is nothing inside the a/c to do at night .
everything is outside and really hot .
i am from miami , but , there is usually a/c to run to .
our rooms were on the other end of the hotel and had to take a shuttle which takes about 20 minutes to catch a ride .
they are always full .
i just wanted to tell everyone that this place is not worth the money and you will leave hungry and most likely sick .
sincerely , l . contessa , miami , fl .
the place beautiful . .all else stunk . . . .not customer friendly from the get go , we had problems .
we had a party of 14 family members .
we are from miami , and know the heat , none of us packed slacks ( mind you we all packed nice expensive dress outfits ) .no where on any paperwork or internet does it specify this .
the men were required to wear slacks everynight for reservations we had to trek to the main lobby to make everynight .
( half the time they were all booked anyway ) and we had for our $3000 stay eat at a buffet in what seemed like 95 degree heat . . . . . they offered the men the option to wear the service trousers , to eat .
now you tell me , which looks better high waters ( the men were 6 foot and up ) and dress shirts .
or make some kind of exception for dress shorts and shirts .
no exceptions were to be made .
our men wore the blue polyester service trousers and some kind of dress shirt to the 3 places we were able to make reservations at .
we will never , ever go to this place again .
the excursions were also a joke . . . the lobby staff were not friendly and was there way or the highway .
we were stuck . . . .
bathrooms are great !
my family and i decided to go to bavaro princess from 4/24/ to 4/29 for a long overdue vacation from the day to day hustle .
i must say , if you like to spend your time in a bathroom , this is the place for you !
three of the four of us had stomach problems by day 2.
this was after eating at bella pasta .
we were thankful that the staff provided ample quantities of toilet paper during our stay .
however , we were not so pleased that the water pressure was to low to provide us with a nice hot shower .
other than these problems , the beaches and weather are second to none .
i wish i paid closer attention to the negative reviews just like everyone here , i diligently read all the positive and negative reviews , thought that those who wrote negative reviews were spoiled brats ( please forgive me now ) and took a leap of faith - a family of 4, with two kids , ages 3 and 7.
for the first time in my traveling experience , i wish i paid more attention to the negative reviews , but after all , the last resort we went to was sandals mobay and the reviews were mixed as well , but we had time of our lives .
ok , so let me start : positives :1.
rooms - this is the resort 's biggest playing card .
they are clean , spacious and comfortable .
kids each had a twin size bed , we had a king size bed in a separate area , the bathroom is huge as well .
both hot and cold waters were running great , we always had plenty of clean towels and supplies .
first floors have patios , second floors have terraces .
we were in bldg 84, about 5 minute walk to the beach and 10-15 minute walk to the main area .
overall , i am more than impressed by the room .
the maid service was not coming in at the same time each day , somtimes , they would be planning to do cleaning during kids nap times , and then it would be too late , but they always made sure to leave clean towels and drinks on the terrace .
2. grounds - are vast and beautiful .
there is a shuttle bus and sometimes , they are full , no big deal , just hop on the next one , or break your group in two and go .
the kids enjoyed the mangrove and the birds , it 's very pleasant to take a walk before/after dinner and enjoy the nature .
3. entertainers - these guys do terrific job .
in the mornings , they round folks up for volleyball , salsa dancing lessons at the beach , and at night , they put on amazing shows .
we especially enjoyed the lion king , the tropical show and the legends in concert .
these are young and talented folks who deserve numerous rounds of applause .
each of them is like a mix of a dancer , acrobat and gymnast .
the beach - while the beach is indeed long and wide , forget about getting a beach chair if you are a late sleeper .
and , i am not even talking about a beach chair under the palapa , even under the hot sun , there was nothing available !
the sand itself is silky .
the water can get choppy , not resort 's fault , punta cana is on the north atlantic ocean , not carribean sea , so be prepared that there will be days when it might be not safe for kids to go into the water .
the pool - again , it 's nice and big , same problem with getting the chairs .
food and service - the food in the buffet is served in open trays , so flies are all over it and you cannot help but be disgusted about eating it .
the best bet was pasta and grill stations , and the service on both of them was pretty good .
the waitresses are hit or miss .
for example , for 6 days in a row , they have been bringing soft drinks to the table , then one day when i am sitting with two kids while hubby is out getting them food , i ask one to bring some juice and she tells me i can go and get it myself .
even if this option now exists , it is a common courtesy to help a lady with two little kids !
also , only a few tables have fans above them , so the room is very , very hot .
also , they do not let you take food outside the room , so if your kid feels like having a banana for an 11 am snack , good luck here .
to book a restaurant , you have to be at the service desk prior to 8 am , and once you get to the front , there is no guarantee that there will be spot you want .
you can only book for today or tomorrow , not for the entire stay .
they only do 3 seatings per evening and book each rest .
i guess this ensures that a ) they are cost - efficient by feeding you cheap food at the buffet rather than give you good fare at the rest .
b ) they do not strain their staff too much by allowing them to take a nice long break between each seating .
we were able to book 3 times out of 7 days , el gaucho was really great , bella pasta and el pescador were ok .
on the last day , we found out that if you booked with apple vacations , and you go to orientation , after that , they would book the rests .
for the duration of your stay . i was there during the spring break , so maybe when resort is not crowded , all the things i wrote above are not applicable , but it just seems that too many things i wrote about were the same issues other people complained about .
and , the worst part is - i speak spanish well , not perfectly , but certainly well enough for a decent conversation .
in mexico , it helped a lot , we would get a great service before even the tips started flying , here , it was useless .
so , to sum it up - i would never return to bavaro princess again .
i might travel to punta cana again to another resort , i heard iberostar visitors were very happy .
amazing place i was at bavaro with my family the same time that the person that wrote the negative review . we had 2 kids with us ages 10 and 7 and my wife and i . you have to watch what you eat but nothing was wrong . after reading about all the people that got food poisoning in feb . march we were a little concerned .
but it turned out to be a fantastic vacation .
the drinks were great , the only food we did not enjoy was at the seafood place , i would by pass that and try everything else , cause it was all great .
now the people that worked at the hotel were amazing especially the staff at the platinum lounge , bonus nachos was a funny saying that we got into and kept it going for the week and we all got a laugh out of it even the spanish speaking people working the lounge .
we got a babysitter one night and for 5 bucks a kid we had a great time for a couple of hours int he casino as did our great friends from winnipeg who we chummed around with all week .
the beach was amazing but we had alot of rain , but what can you do it is mother nature .
make the best of it . go shopping down on the beach it is fun they can only go so far so if you stay close to the water they ca not harass you .
our best times in the lounge were laughing with jorge they treat you like friends not customers .
would we go back , maybe not but not because of anything wrong just like to try different places that arent so pushy when your shopping for souveniers .
but enjoy it because all the negative comments from people are just people with pickle stuck up the rearend cause it is a fantastic place .
common theme . . . food poisoning ! ! ! my wife and i stayed at this resort feb . 11-18.
we upgraded to the platinum which really was not worth the bracelet it 's printed on !
awesome beaches and great weather .
but take your own food !
as with many of the reviews on this site , i too got sick and had to go to the hospital .
i swear about every 3rd to 4th person i talked with at the resort had been sick or their spouse was .
i 'm left wondering if the resort gets a cut of the money the doctor at the resort charges and the same goes for the hospital .
i know saying that sounds funny but there was a lot of sick people there when we stayed .
the food , drinks and customer service was not good at all .
so your paying huge $$ for the view and salty water .
i spent 10-12 hours talking with the resort and my apple rep .
while at the resort once i got sick and got nothing !
the apple rep . was worthless and did not do anything for me unless i wanted to book an excursion then they 're your best friend .
we did meet some nice people that went and stayed at the iberostar and said it was all great .
this resort is rated at a 5 out of 6 and i think it 's more like a 3 because you 'll be in your room half of your trip due to sickness .
beware of food poisioning at this resort ! ! ! my husband  i stayed at the bavaro princess from 2/16 - 2/24/06.
at first sight the resort was beautiful , the rooms were decent and the beach was incredible .
the food . . . . . ugh .
we both wound up with food poisioning on our 3rd night at the resort and were violently ill for almost 2 straight days .
and we were not the only ones sick either as you can tell by other postings here , plus almost everyone we talked to had someone in their party who had gotten ill from the food at this resort .
based on our experience i would not recommend this resort , nor do i plan to return to the dominican .
a majority of the staff at this resort were extremely rude outside of maximo ( bartender ) , enrique , the sweet maid who cleaned our room every day , and the staff at the front desk - -otherwise the staff tended to be rather rude .
it 's too bad too because the beach was absolutely incredible ! !
one of the worst vacations . . .
one of the worst vacations of my life .
first of all my daughter got so sick from the food that we ended up at the hospital , you do not want to end up in a dominican hospital , trust me .
my daugter 's friend got sick on the day we were leaving , so she had to be sick the entire way home , but at least she was able to go to an american doctor who diagnosed her correctly .
they totally missdiagnosed my daughter and gave her medicine she did not need .
but i guess this is a hotel review , not hospital review , because i have some stories about the hospital . . . .
besides many people getting sick , the food was not very good , and actually the doctor in america said that people get sick because of improper food handling , meaning not washing fruits and vegetables .
the restaurants were bad , service slow , we missed the show every night because after having an 8:30 reservation we got out from the restaurant at 10:45, and show ends at 11.
i really do not mind missing the show , but kids wanted to see it . . . . . the rooms were dirty , they brought a dirty cot for my daugter , but after i complained they replaced it .
service was ok only if you tipped , but sometimes on the beach if you did not have dollars with you and you tried to get a drink it would take a long time to get served .
i do not mind tipping , but i do not like it when a bartender is looking at your hands to see if you are holding a dollar before he approches you .
a lot of workes were very frienly , but we had a few bad experiences .
my husband went to the spa and asked for a towel , the wonam had a stack of clean towels but would not give hime one , she said you have to bring your own from the beach , but the beach is 15 minute walk from the spa , he told her that he did not know and next time he would bring a towel if she could make an exeption and give hime one , she refused . . . . . do i need to say more , this is supposed to be a 5 star resort , i think in usa this would get 3 stars max . i would also like to say that like everybody else i loved the beach , the water was beautiful and the sand was soft and clean .
there semmed to be enough shade and it was very relaxing . overall
i would never go back to dominican republic again .
punta cana , yes . . . bavaro princess , no way ! ! ! our story is almost exactly as the other travelers described previously .
my husband , two children ( ages 8 and 7) and i traveled to the bavaro princess from new york metro area over the february winter break .
i had been hoping for the best , in spite of the negative reviews that i had read previously .
i was not expecting haute cuisine , but i figured for a so called five star resort that the food would be decent .
i knew things were going to be bad when i arrived and tried to book the platinum package and was told that they were sold out .
i told them that i did not care about an upgraded room , that i simply wanted to pay the extra for the premium liquor and the ability to make the dinner reservations in advance ( i could write another whole review about how screwed up the reservation system is in this place .
the reservation system opens at 8 a . m . and by 9:30 a . m .
all of the early reservation times to the least of the crappy restaurants are gone !
the only thing opened is dinner at 10 p . m .
you have to stand in line unless you have the platinum package . )
i was told that they were sold out of the platinum package , period .
we arrived at our room , which was supposed to have been ready .
we had a filthy bed cot sitting in the middle of the livingroom .
after an hour , they arrived to remove the cot ( service is not a strength at this resort ) .
i then went to take a shower and had the entire faucet to the shower come off in my hand .
no one could take a shower and get ready for dinner after an afternoon of traveling .
that took another hour to fix . the buffets , including the hispanola ( which is where the largest buffet is ) , the chopin , which is essentually where everyone has to eat dinner the first day when they arrive because all of the reservations are gone , and the buffet by the beach where el gaucho is are all awful awful awful ! ! !
the mc princess should be sued by mcdonalds for even trying to imply that what they are serving is hamburgers and hot dogs !
the only thing that is edible in any of these places was the pizza , which was surprisingly good when it did not have ridiculous things like corn and cut up hot dogs on it .
my husband and i admit to being snobbish new yorkers when it comes to food and dining , but we honestly came here with the expectation of the food just being decent and edible .
the ala carte restaurants i 'll rank in order :1.
sakura - the least crappy - says it is japanese but is actually almost all chinese , except for the disgusting sushi that they try to serve in the beginning .
if you like chinese , you wo not mind this place .2.
el gaucho - better than sizzler but not even close to outback , let alone a decent steak house .3.
bella pasta - makes olive garden look good ! ! !
i finally realized that the people who thought this place was good are the same people whose only exposure to italian food is the olive garden !
again , my kids ate pizza here , and my husband was in our room hurling his brains out from the seafood place the night before , which brings me to4.
el pescador - how anyone could make grilled lobster tails taste like a mushy tastless garbage , i 'll never know .
red lobster will seam like the finest seafood place you 've ever eaten at after this one !
in fact , a can of tuna will look good after this place !
nothing was good here , not even the dessert . besides the food tasting terrible , it made all of us so sick .
my 8 year old son was the first to get sick on the second night with violent vomiting , followed by violent diahrea .
my husband was next with violent vomiting by the third day .
i was not so lucky .
by the third day , i had stomach cramps that would not go away for the entire vacation .
i thought my youngest daughter ( who is a diabetic and has a very careful diet ) was going to be the only one to get away unscathed .
on the last day , however , she began running a fever , and became ill on our first day home . i enjoyed many of the people who i met , and did not find the europeans rude , with two exceptions - one person wrote of the russians on their cell phones and this was very very true .
everywhere , loud conversations by the russians .
i will say , however , that the russians were very friendly and nice .
the second incident , i will not allow to cloud my judgement about an entire nation of people , but this rude , nebbish little balding frenchmen tried to cut into the reservation line in the morning .
already in a pretty upset mood from , you know , the whole my family being food poisoned thing , i started yelling at this rude little man to get off the line .
he pretended not to understand english , until the other people on the line also yelled .
even then , it took the man from the hotel who was making the reservations , to make him get off the line . i do not want to end this review on such a negative note , so i will end by saying that punta cana is spectacular .
the beaches were absolutely amazing , pristine and clean .
the dominican people were very nice and worked very hard .
we tipped the bartenders , our maid , and the people in the restaurants who gave us good service , regardless of the food .
we did not , however , see too many people tipping .
that is just wrong .
these people work very hard .
our two favorite people , i need to mention , were ruben and melvin who work at the pool bar .
they were the best , always had a strong drink and a smile . bottom line , i 'd never ever go back to the princess , not even for free , but i 'll do my research and find a better place to go when i return to punta cana !
terrible food its not a good sign when 50% of your party gets some form of food poisoning at this resort .
the grounds are nice , but the food , in addition to being unsafe , is terrible .
moreover , the alcoholic drinks were too sweet or made with sub - par alcohol .
i would not go back first off we did not pick this resort , a family member pick this resort to get married at .
a group of 16 people traveling from calgary and ontario .
travel time great : 4 hours not a problem .
the only thing was we had to be at the airport at 4:00am for our 6:30am flight .
( a little hard with young kids ) once we got to dominican the experience at the airport was quick and painless .
( bell boys everywhere , just told them i was fine and took our own luggage to bus .
check in at resort : very slow , only one person working (1:00pm ) once we had our key we had our luggage sent to our room .
within an hour of arriving we were dressed and ready for the beach or pool .
resort and beach : very nice , super clean and well maintained .
great for a wedding .
staff : some friendly , they did not really go out of the way to impress me .
most wait staff and cleaning staff spoke very little english .
at time it was very difficult getting anything from them .
for example we had to show her a towel and a pillow in order get more .
our room was stocked for 3 people and we had reservation for 4. we ran out of toilet paper and i had to go and find some more out side our area .
food : very blah , i found the cuts of meet cheap and very hard to chew .
chicken was always the leg or thigh ( never breast ) , food always cold , except if you ordered and omelet at the grill .
a le cart restaurant almost impossible to get into , unless you want to eat at 10:00pm .
desserts and fruit not bad .
i found the food very high in fats .
pasta bar : great , always hot . drinks : no fresh squeezed oj . 
in a resort like that you would think that fresh juice would be available .
their version of juice was pop without the fizz , very sweet .
bar drinks were okay , make sure you ask for alcohol or you wo not get any .
shopping : the prices for all their merchandise are a joke .
considering it is all in american dollars , they try and charge a whole lot for nothing .
be prepared to barter , start your bid at half and don?? be afraid to walk away .
my son had a great time (11 years old ) - and he managed to get some great deals .
excursion out side of resort : diving day trip was great .
the scuba crews are great and very professional .
we took the james bond power boat excursion , it was horrible .
the boats are in very bad shape , the life jackets need to be replaced and the staff should learn to speak english .
during this adventure my boat was moored to a rope waiting for one of the staff to unhook us , as we wait patiently one of the tour guide boats looses control and smashes into my boat , lucky for us ( my daughter and i were not seriously hurt ) when we got back to the start ( on land ) we tried to explain to the staff what had happened .
no one could speak english .
it was quite frustrating .
we had to wait and speak with our travel representative ( signature vacation ) .
again we had to struggle with that as well .
we finally got a refund for two .
we are now in the process of communicating with signature vacation on this matter .
we want to inform people that if you decide to go on this excursion please think twice , it is unsafe and if something is not done about this soon , some one may be killed or seriously hurt .
overall rating : 3.5 to 4.0 and that is only because of the resort and the beach beong so beautiful .
i would rather go to cuba .
worst nightmare of my life i stayed at the bavaro princess from dec 29th to jan 6. upon check in i was expecting the king size bed that i booked and couldnt wait to enjoy . . . unfortunatley when i got to my room i saw 4 single beds , the tv was broken and outside my room was a big lake of sewage due to a broken pipe .
i called to complain and was told that someone would get back to me . . . . . no one did . . . . so the next morning with my back ache because one of the four single beds i shared with my girlfriend was sinking i went to get another room i waited 3 hours for the staff to find me another room .
the second room was bigger but mediocre at best .
next food - - bring your own ! ! !
you need reservations for all the restaraunts ! ! ! and guess what they only book 25percent of capacity at each restaurant .
i was curious why there was seating for 150 people and everytime i ate dinner that only about 20-25 people were dining there .
well i asked one of the waiters and he told me that the hotel has a qouto on food .
so they can only make 50 steaks at the gaucho , only one wonton in the wonton soup at sakura , and no more than 2 shrimps in the seafood pasta dish at bella pasta . . . what a shame . . . .
i was rationed food at at 5 star hotel the staff is nice but they are under strict orders not to give any extra food away . . . oh the best part to even eat at any of the restaurants you have to wake up at 9 am and take the bus trolley all the way to the lobby to get reserevations . . . . . guess what when you get there most of the restaurants are taken already you have to do this everyday . . . . . if not you will be stuck eating at the buffet yuk ! ! !
i will never come back to this resort .
worst vacation ever this was the first vacation i have ever gone on that i was happy to come home .
if you are an american and do not speak fluent spanish you better stay home because you are ignored until all spanish speaking people are taken care of first .
just knowing a few phrases will not help you at all .
i know that i was in their country and all that , and i tried to understand and speak what little i knew but it was not good enough .
the second thing is after spending the day in the beautiful hot sun ( near 90 everyday ) and the near 100% humidity , i want to have dinner in a nice air conditioned resturant but they were all closed ! ! ! ! ! !
we had to eat at the buffet in an open air room where the sweat drips off your forehead into your plate .
one resturant licey was open but we could only get in there 1 night and it had a very linited menu .
there is almost no nightly entertainment , and what they do have is in an open air room with no air conditioning .
i will say the grounds were very well kept and the rooms were cleaned and taken care of , but the shower water pressure was very low .
the beach was clean and the pool water was clear but the bottom was not vacuumed all week we were there .
this is a very large resort and they have a tram that takes you from one end to the other .
the problem is that it only holds about 10-12 people at a time and it 's always packed and there were people who actually pushed you out of the way to get on ahead of you even if you were waiting before them .
terrible food and service i want you all to know that i am a seasoned traveler .
my husband and i travel a minimum of 2 times a year .
we 've stayed at small hotels , as well as , 5- star hotels .
in the 17 years that we 've been traveling alone or with our children we have never had such a horrible experience . we should have known that our trip was doomed when our initial greeting at the airport was the rudest women when we were buying our tourist cards .
i speak spanish fluently , but i felt terrible for those who had no clue what to do with these cards .
i was confused and when we asked her questions she ignored us and was only interested in collecting her $10 per person , then you were on your own .
i traveled with some friends who were born and raised in dr and she treated them even worse . the minute you get your bags men are scrambling for your luggage .
they do not even give you a chance to take inventory .
you have to find someone who can tell you what bus you should take to your resort , but these guys are practically running way with your bags .
in this mass of confusion you could easily be robbed , so guard your possessions . once we made it to our hotel you had to stand on line to check in .
not so bad , but they were not informative about your room location at all .
we happened to get into the hotel at 9:30pm , we all scrambled to get a bite to eat .
the only thing available was the hispanola .
i should mention that they opened at 6:30pm and it is unbearably hot and the food had been sitting around for hours and everything was dry and over cooked .
we hoped it would get better . we then claimed our luggage and you have to get on these trams ( more like large golf carts -2 linked together - maximum capacity 18 passengers ) .
the resort is very large and pretty but the windes alot , so if you decide to walk anywhere , i hope you have comfy shoes because there is no straight - away and it can take 15-20 minutes to get to the main lobby ( all night entertainment and shops are there ) .
anyway , the guy who took us to our room was very nice .
he walked us to our room and carryied some our stuff in . the room itself was extremely comfortable .
livingroom area , with dining table , the bed was in a raised room with a king size bed .
my 12 year old got a twin size bed which fit in a nice corner near the bar area .
relatively separate and private for her .
the dressing/closet area was also comfortable , as was the bathroom ( which had a bidet ) .
we had an ironing board , steam iron and hair drier - all worked fine ) .
the woman who cleaned our room daily was very nice and very accomodating , as was the night person who did the turn down service .
they did not replenish the fridge daily and they did not replenish our beach towels .
we had to remind them or get our towels from the pool area .
often they were gone by 9am and people would reserve the palapa huts on the beach and by the pool and then disappear for hours while they went on excursions or god knows what else .
you had to get up at the crack of dawn to not be left frying in the sun all day . we had a vip status which had some perks , but must say that it did not compensate for the overal bad service that the resort had to offer .
vip gave us a room near the beach and large pool ( that was a good thing because when you get sick from the food you must be able to make a mad - dash to the bathroom ) .
as vip , we had bathrobes , a free bottle of rum ( a pint of their worst liquor ) , 3 cigars ( we could not stand the constant smoking of the other guests - many euros with no manners - they huffed and puffed in your face and your childrens ') , a 20 minute massage (2 per room ) , 1 hour on the internet , 1 hour of a water sport ( snorkling ) .
i took advantage of the spa treatment - i combined the two and got a 40 minute massage ( i get massages often - never has anyone massaged my stomach - where the heck did they get their training ? -it was not very good ) .
you were also given a free dinner at their gourmet restaurant ( licey ) .
we were also supposed to get top shelf alcohol in our drinks - good luck finding it ( you ca not even find real orange juice ! ) - the point is that if you 're thinking about paying additional for a vip status - do not bother it is not worth the extra money .
oh , i almost forgot ! !
you get your own vip concierge . . . what a joke .
they are totally useless .
my husband is a golfer and had every intention of going out to play .
most hotels will make phone calls , arrange tee times and transportation .
guess what ? ? not at bavaro princess ! ! ! overall the grounds were kept beautifully and the beach was nice .
they had a pool bar , but if you 're expecting someone to come to you on the beach or at the pool and ask if they can take your order - forget it ! ! this is not that kind of resort . the entertainment staff worked very hard to keep everyone busy at the pool and put on interesting productions in the evening .
they even put on a version of the lion king with the children from the kids camp .
it was very cute .
these guys roughed it out there in the heat by the pool and under the stage lights .
they did a good job . now the food/restaurants . . . depending on your frame of mind what i am about to tell may not be an issue .
if you like to be a free spirit and not dress up to dine or have to make reservations , again , this hotel is not for you .
the general rule was if you make a reservation , men had to wear slacks .
at their gourmet restaurant they required slacks and a jacket ( not the best attire when it 's 105 degrees with 500% humidity - well that 's how it felt anyway ! ! ) .
you must make reservations if you want to try all the restaurants in the resort .
the problem is you can only reserve one day in advance and by 10 am 3 of the 7 were fully booked .
well those that were fully booked were not even 1/2 full each evening .
we experienced this in two of the restaurants .
i traveled with friends so all together we had a party of 15.
somehow i ended up with the terrible task of making reservations .
not only did they lie about the availability , but then they would not allow me to reserve a table for 15.
they only allowed 8-10 per reservation .
some of the food was tasty .
the chopin had very good food , but it was buffet style .
we got there when they opened so everything was fresh .
it was so hot that no matter what you got to drink , everything was warm and the ice melted in seconds .
this is a bad thing because if you 're looking to drink a nice soda you start out with syrup water ( no carbonation ) and then the ice melts .
not good at all .
( ok - i admit i 'm a pepsi addict - the first step is admitting you have a problem ) .
the reservation dinners were not very good and they rushed you to finish so they could be prepared for their next seating .
there are only two restaurants open for breakfast . . . el gaucho and la hispanola .
la hispanola offered more , but for us that ment getting up early to get ready , catch the tram and treck all the way to the other side of the resort .
alot of fun when you have a one year old , stroller and the other rude guests to contend with .
anyone ever try to fight their way onto a nyc train during rush hour ? ? ( folks - this is just a visual , but very close to the fact ) .
one woman tried to climb over me to grab a seat on the other side then proceeded to insult the people who got on on the right side of the tram .
another pushed my 12 year old daughter out of the way to get on , and never mind that we were waiting there patiently before anyone else .
they did not care .
if they could run faster than you they got the seat no matter when they showed up .
often they won because we had the stroller , baby and baby bag .
ok , so i strayed a little bit - perhaps i 'm a little bitter about this whole trip . our last day we were required to sign out by 12.
if your flight leaves late they will gladly give you another 3 hours for an extra $40.
they will gladly give you a courtesy room to shower and change ( but you have to be willing to use the rooms they offer their construction workers .
a room with construction debris all over the floor , no shower curtain , wet floors , dirty towels everywhere and bugs on the bed ) -maybe you should wait and bathe at home .
our flight was delayed from 8:30 pm to 2 am .
the hotel would not accommodate us ( even with a one year old ) .
the heat index was brutal , we 'd been out of our room since 9:30 ( trying to make breakfast ) and there was no place to go to get relief from the heat .
everything there was open air .
no ac ! ! ! ( by the way - there 's no a/c in most of the restaurants - only 3 had ac - including the gourmet restaurant ) .
our reservations were made thru apple vacations .
they were even less helpful that the hotel .
they claim that if your flight was delayed 6 hours they would offer you a 3 minute courtesy call .
no room or anything else ! ! bring your lawyer 's number .
it 's like being in jail you get one call .
make it a good one . . . and quick ! !end result of all this -12 of the 15 in my party got violently sick to their stomachs , my husband and kids got inner and outer ear infections from the pool water .
i may have it too , but i 've been stubborn about seeing a doctor .
be careful in your selections .
one of the girls in my party goes to punta cana every year .
she normally stays at sunscape ( alot smaller ) , but the service is 100% better and she never got sick there .
if you want to go to punta cana , make sure you speak to people who 've been there and ask many questions .
good luck to you all in your travels .
worst vacation ever my room safe was robbed by an employee .
all of my cash was stolen , i had nothing left for gifts for my family .
when i called hotel security they sent me a security guard that did not speak english !
when someone finally showed up that understood english , i was told right off the bat the hotel was not responsible .
i was treated like i did something wrong .
i never usually put things in the safe but for some reason this trip i did .
as for the staff they said they would do an investigation of the people who were in my room , the maid and the 2 maintenance men that came in to fix the leak in my ceiling .
i was not offered anything for my loss , not even an apology from hotel management .
the next day i went to the front desk to see if the investigation turned up anything , no one there knew what i was talking about .
it was like it did not even happen .
needless to say my trip was ruined !
i urge you , if you are thinking about staying at this resort find somewhere else .
another thing was the food , the only restaurant with exceptional food was the one that was not included in the all inclusive package .
i will never return to the dominican republic ! ! !
one place you never , ever want to go to i would rate this place lower than terrible if that option existed . the biggest problem with this place is service .
i found the staff ( with the exception of 3) rude , uncarring and lazy .
there are too many examples of bad service to list but here are some highlites : - when i asked for a coffee at dinner , i had to ask twice . . . the second time was the manager who then spoke to his staff member . . . that staff member then nodded to his manager and came back to see me 5 minutes later to tell me in spanish that coffee was only served at the bar .
this would have been grat info .
to receive at the time of my original request , not at said point . -
the maids who clean the room tend not to come until past 6pm . . . so that instead of getting ready for dinner you have to wait for them to finish . . . on 2 occasions they did not come at all . -
i have never been to a place where the word no was so prevelant . . . anything simple request was usually answered with a no . . . which seemed like the only english that the majority of staff could utter . . . the food was mediocer or verging on bad . . . the only truly good thing that they served was beef . . . i have never seen anyone do what was done to the lobsters at the seafood restaurant . . . the poor creatures definitively died in vain as to serve them in rancid butter was an insult . . . to go from the beach or to the restaurants you generally had to take a trolly or a 15 minute walk which kind of gets old and tiresome really fast . . . i would prefer a place where a 5 minute walk would be the case . many of the people on my return flight were suffering from intestinal problems . if you like rude staff and would like to experience service at its lowest level than head for this place . . . i think i would pick a turkish prison over this place myself .
not a 5- star !
my stay at the bavaro princess was definitely not a 5- star resort quality stay !
i called the resort multiple times to inquire about the vip package and how it works , and they told me not once , not twice , but three times that the price of the vip was $15.00 per person per night with a 3 night minimum stay .
my stay at the hotel was from 5/27-5/30/05.
to my knowledge that is 3 nights .
at the end of my trip they charged me $25.00 per person per night .
when i did the research on the hotel i went to their website and according to the website the vip package included premium brand drinks , which consisted of heineken , corona , black label and so on .
first of all the resort does not have heineken or corona , the only other beer they had besides presidente was becks and budweiser .
when i tried to get a beck , i got bounced around from bar to bar .
or their other favorite excuse is to say that the beer is hot .
after an hour i would go back and ask for the beer again , and i would get the same excuse that the beer was hot after getting upset and demanding they hand me the beer , to my surprise the beer is freezing cold ! !
when i felt like drinking black label the story would start all over again , they would try to send me to other bars , i would again have to show that i was getting upset then they would magically appear with a bottle .
the whole vip thing was just a mission , i felt like i had to beg and get upset in order to get what i was entitled to in the first place .
i am colombian/argentinean , and i have traveled and eaten in lots of different central and south american countries and the caribbean , and the food at this hotel sucks ! !
all the buffets and restaurants are opened air areas , so there is no fans and no a/c , with the mosquitos all over the food .
when i have eaten mediocre food , its usually at a 2-3 star hotel , not in a hotel that claims to be 5- stars ! ! to top it off they have a public relations person by the name of angel mendez , who instead of trying to make the guest 's happy and maybe wanting them to come back to the hotel , he gets very cocky and he is rude and nasty to the guests .
when i tried to resolve the $25.00 vip mix - up and also a late charge mix - up , he pretty much told me that was my problem and did not try to help me in any way !
so travelers beware , do not get caught up that this is a 5- star luxury hotel , because it 's not ! !
hepatitis scare we stayed in bavaro princess hotel the last week of january 2005.
we 've been in punta cana before and loved it , so this time we just wanted to try different hotel .
well , everything was great : the room , the food , the service , and , of course , the beach !
we told everyone how much we liked the place !
three weeks later my husband fell ill and was diagnosed with hepatitis a , - the liver disease that gets transmitted mainly through food and water .
he 's been in the hospital , and still recovering now , lost a month at work .
doctors suspected that he could have got this while on vacation in punta cana , but i doubted that , remembering how clean the restaurants in the hotel looked .
yesterday we got a phone call from couple we know who stayed in the same hotel in punta cana a week before us .
to our horror , they said that the husband was also diagnosed with hepatitis a ! now all my doubts are gone .
tourists can not control the food preparation process , if the hotel staff do not do their job . too bad .
never again first and foremost , a resort that requires that you brush your teeth with bottled water cannot rate 5 stars .
4 of the 8 of us had gastric nightmares during our stay .
the food is mediocre at best and it can make you ill as we found out .
we ate carefully and used antiseptic wipes whenever possible .
our efforts were not rewarded .
this was not a vacation .
this was like some weird version of a gastric survivor show .
on the positive side , the dominican staff at the resort could not have been nicer .
it 's too bad that the sanitary conditions undo their goodwill .
the worst from beginning to end okay , but some problems would be an understatement !
six of us just reutrned 1//29/05 from the bavaro princess hotel  resort ( we were by the way v . i . p . customers ) which meant nothing except they gave us more of a run around .
there staff is helpful but does not understand english  the management team is rude . the front desk manager tried to help us but he just could not get anything done , .we
were suppose to ask for irene bastista if we had any problems and we did ask for her every day and everyone but no one had ever heard of her .
here is a summary of our stay at the bavaro princess , we arrived on monday at 9:30 p . m .
we watched the bus that brought us from the airport drive away as we were standing in line at the front desk ( get use to standing in line at the bavaro ) waiting for someone or something to help you .
we had been delayed two days because of a snow storm in boston .
so we did not arrive till monday night which was disappointing , but had made up our minds to have the most fun we could in the time we had left . .wrong agin .
then when it was our turn to talk to the front desk they said our room were cancelled as of saturday because we did not show up , we explain to them about the storm and that t . n . t . must of notified them .
they ageed they had but we still did not have any rooms there .
well after a little undertaking they found us three rooms ( not the accomidations we had booked but three rooms ) and said they would help us in the morning .
then they told us to go to the information desk to get our all inclusive bracelets which we did .
( not knowing the color , we thought they were v . i . p . braclet , because that was what we paid for and was on our reservations ) .
one of the guys in our party tried to get a drink at the bar that night and was told we did not have that plan .
so the next morning when we saw the t . n . t rep .
we asked him an he said they were the wrong color for v . i . p . ( so back to the desk we go ) wait in line and after re - checking our reservation that we had to present they gave us a new bracelet .
after which we asked them about our changeing rooms an no one knew anything about it an said we 'd have to talk to the front desk manager angel , and that he 'd be back in an hour or so .
we waited an finally talked to him ( he was the most helpful of anyone there ) an he told us we could not stay in the same building as we had requested but he would move us , so we agreed .
that same evening one of the couples we were traveling with t . v went down ( like the cable when out ) at full volume , they tried to call us but said our phone did not work to see if our cable had gone out .
when they could not get hold of us and the third couple we were traveling with said theirs was fine he walked to the front desk and reported it , they told him someone would be down to fix it right away . . . p . s .
no one came so he found the breaker an shut it off ( as of saturday when we left it had not been fixed ) we reported our phone out the next morning and as of saturday when we left we still had no phone .
( we could not make plans with the two couples we were with unless we walked to their suites ) each and everytime .
to wrap this up , we have traveled a lot and this is the worst vacation we have ever had , the beaches were beautiful , the grounds were beautiful , but the hotel  management staff was just plain terrible .
we would not recommend this hotel to anyone , i know that it is suppose to be one of best but it is not . .everytime you ask for your extras ( massage , rest .
resevration  etc . ) you were told you had to book them three days in advance .
if you can add you 'd understand that if we lost three days because of the snow we only had four full days and one 1/2 day left , so three days in advance was a little heavy .
the new casino was a joke ( we go to las vegas twice a year ) and when i tell you 2 out of 10 slot machines worked that is correct , but they were going to get fixed soon , ya ok !
if your still planning on going to the bavaro princess we wish you the best of luck .
we would return to the dominican republic but never to a bavaro hotel .
we plan on sending the bavaro princess questionaire to the home office in spain with this same information on it .
worst caribbean experience ever !
from the original visitor reviews i read on the web , to my vaccination nurse 's comments on her husband 's illness from the food , i had a bad feeling about this hotel/resort , but enthusiastically decided to believe the good ones .
big mistake !
i travel everywhere , and this is the worst experience i have ever had .
the food was unappetizing and immediately made both of us sick for the entire visit .
we started to dread walking into the restaurants . the only thing we could eat was fresh fruit , some breads , cheese , shrimp in the shell and the pizza they made at noon .
the service was full of contempt ( the desk clerk laughed at me when we checked out ! ) and our paid guide or agent did not bother to get us to the airport at the end of an expensive two week vacation .
the constant harassment of the time - share hawkers , the indifference and contempt of the staff , including the concierge , the bad food , the high wind which made swimming impossible most of the time , made this the worst vacation experience of my husband 's and my life !
not recommended .
the dr needs to work on many things to be ready for any kind of tourism .
we called this hotel the compound .
some fellow travellers agreed .
the wife said as we were leaving at the airport : the only thing missing was jim jones !
do not do it !
my husband and i are easy going people , we read the reviews about the bavaro princess ( particularly the bad ones ) and decided we would give it a try despite some of the bad reviews ( we can make the best out of anything and that 's what we did ) .
some reviews have blamed bad service due to the language barrier ( this hotel does not cater to the american tourist ) , but that was not the case with us because my husband speaks fluent spanish , english portuguese and italian .
the bad service is due to the laziness of the staff .
many staff members will make up an answer if they do not know it , just to get you out of their face ( we almost missed our plane home because of this ) .
we went vip and were told that since we were vip we would not have to make reservations to the restauraunts ( except licet 's the nicest one ) , however , that is not true .
we did not have to wait in long lines to make our reservations though we delt with a vip consierge , who was rude , unhelpful and pulled a nasty trick on us .
he promised us reservations our first night at licey 's and told us he would have them for us and we could pick up our ticket between 1:00-3:00.
we went back to pick up our reservations and the consierge had left a sign stating the hours they were closed : between 12:00-5:00 and another sign that said no dinner reservations would be taken after that .
we were so upset by the trick he pulled .
we ran into him again later and asked him about our reservations .
he acted like we had no idea what we were talking about .
checking in the hotel was also mass confusion .
no one told you where to go , what to do and so people were standing around trying to figure out how to get to get to their rooms and so forth .
we kept asking ( remember we speak fluent spanish ) but no one wanted to help .
so we walked around aimlessly for a while ( this 100 acre resort ) until we found a tram that took us around and around .
we eventually got off where the room numbers were getting in the 400's ( we stayed at 443) and found our room .
during our stay , beaches were nice , nightly entertainment was good and bartenders were busy .
we enjoyed outr time on the beach until we had to deal with the nightmare of checking out .
checking out - no one told us anything about where and when to get our bus back to the airport , so again we walked around asking questions .
one bell hop pointed to our plane ticket and told us we would catch our bus to the airport at 1:30 ( he was looking at our arrival time to punta cana , so he obviously was confused ) .
we finally found a man at the information desk who was helpful .
he told us our bus would be loading at 11:50 ( it was almoct 11:50 then ) , so he asked a bell - hop if the bus had arrived yet and the bell - hop said no , so we waited for an hour .
it turned out that our bus was there and loading when we had originally asked , but now it was gone .
so , then we had to pay for a taxi to get to the airport .
i was so furious .
because of the laziness and quick thinking answes of the staff , we missed our bus and almost our plane .
please do not go to this hotel , unless you are looking for a stressful week in punta cana .
beware of this resort beware of this resort .
i recently went to the bavaro princess for 5 days with my daughter .
this was my second time visiting the dominican republic , although my first at this resort .
i had purchased the vip package but my stay there was frightening .
my room was broken into twice while i was there .
i have never been so terrified at a vacation .
i spent a lot of money on this vacation and it was a total waste .
i am one of these people that hardly complains and i was looking forward to this vacation for once .
i could not wait to get home .
the staff ignored me when i told them what happened and did not do anything to help me .
i would strongly urge everyone to go somewhere else .
better be sae than sorry at this resort .
i would not have paid money for this trip i won this three day/two night trip to bavarro princess in june and took the trip this past weekend nov 21-23, 2003.
thank goodness i did not pay for this trip or i would be fighting for my money back .
the princess bills itself as a 4 star all inclusive resort .
it gets maybe 1 1/2 stars at best .
from the time you step off the plane , everyone is looking for a handout .
the baggage guys , the transfer operators , the bell men , everyone has something to sell you be it a dive trip or a $20 disposal camera .
the grounds are pretty , but there is a lot of construction going on to a lot of the rooms and there are lots of creepy construction workers around in places that i would consider private places for paying guests .
we arrived at 5pm and were told upon check in that we would only be able to eat at the main buffet that evening since not having reservations at any of the 4 resturaunts .
this was no big deal to us .
the bell man insisted on taking our bag from us at the front of the hotel .
in fact , when we tried to wheel it away ourselves , they followed us and took it from us telling us it would only be 10 minutes to arrive to our room .
we asked if this resort included all tips/gratuities .
the front desk clerk said , do you want to give me a tip ?
you can pay me if you like .
we offered a polite smile .
we arrived to our room to the strong smell of mold ( we live in puerto rico so this was not new to us plus it had been raining quite a bit for the past week ) but turned on the air conditioner to get the humidity out . the fully stocked mini bar consists of two bottles each of sprite and coke and two bottles of water and two bottles of beer .
did i mention that the refrigerator was not even plugged in ?
all of these articles were warm and there is no way to get ice besides treking all the way up to the front entry bar .
a 10 minute walk .
it took the bell man over 35 minutes to bring our one small bag that we were sharing to our room .
my husband had to return to the front curb in the rain in order to speed up the process of retreiving our bag .
all we wanted was to change clothes .
we walked in the rain up to dinner with the umbrella that was provided in our room , which , by the way , was covered in black mold .
the hispanola buffet was okay .
we had read reviews on this web site and avoided the fish and chinese food .
i think we ate our weight in bread and cheese .
the red wine is chilled , which i guess is a european thing .
it was good but not great .
the dessert table left little to be desired .
most dishes were not recognizable and the fruit seemed to be sitting in a mess of flies , so we passed on dessert .
there are no clocks in the rooms and when you book for two people , they put you in two twin beds shoved together .
it 's a good thing this was not our honeymoon .
you get one small flat pillow per bed and our ceiling fan looked like it had been used as a guillotine at some point in the past .
in this deluxe four star resort ( as they bill it ) you only get one towel per person , there are no wash cloths .
the bathroom was not very clean and showed residue of urine on the seat .
an okay night 's sleep with the air clicking on and off at random .
we woke up and went to breakfast , the coffee was good , the juice was not of this world ( some sort of orange juice and tang mixture ) the selection was varied enough . . . .but again , the fruit was covered in flies , the bread was stale .
we ordered omlettes at the omlette line and did not received the omlettes we had put together , we got someone else 's .
the servers are quick to take your plate but not quick to bring you a refill of beverages .
returning to our room , we hung the do not disturb sign on our door as we did not want any room service since we would only be there for the two days over the weekend .
we had valuables in our room and we did not want anything disturbed .
after coming back from the beach that day , our room had been completely cleaned .
i was furious !
i addressed this at the front desk , but the language barrier was too much to get them to understand my problem .
now , for the beach , the only saving grace for this resort .
beautiful beach , good service at the bars , lots of booze , bottled water , and the snack bar/hamburger stand gets 5 stars .
the guy working in there cooks up a mean chicken burger and fries .
we ate there more than anywhere else because the food was the most tolerable .
the strangest thing about this resort and it 's beautiful beaches , is the lack of natural wild life .
there are no birds swooping down to get a stray morsel off the beach , there are no fish in the lovely shallow clean water , and thankfully there are no bugs .
i thought these things were strange .
we had made dinner reservations based on the front desk recommendations for el gaucho .
we arrived at 7pm for our reservation , had a glass of chilled red wine and ordered off the menu .
we both ordered cesaer salad .
way too many anchovies , yuck ! ! !
i had the argentinean appetizer and my husband had the beef stew .
the appetizer consisted of three small slices of bread , one with a shrimp with the dirty black vein still in it , one with two tiny slices of sausage , and one with a mystery meat that was a type of blood sausage .
are you kidding me ?
the beef stew was a clear yellow broth with no hint of salt or flavor .
we sent back the salads and the appetizers .
we had ordered the fillet for dinner .
what arrived was a joke .
a big hunk of meat , charred to burned ( we asked for medium rare ) and it was not fillet mignon but some tough nasty hunk of meat , probably not beef at all .
we got up and left the resturaunt with full plates on the table , they asked us if anything was wrong and we told the waitor that the food was horrible .
we went and had the buffet instead .
we only saw part of the entertainment from our table and it was horrible so we went back to our room .
after the two days in the sun , we checked out and met our transfer operator at the front curb .
we aimed our way through motorcycles and vans to pick up all the other people traveling to the airport from other hotels .
at this point the bus operator gave everyone on board the speech about thanking us for traveling to dom rep and that when we arrived at the airport , we would be required to stay on the bus with the doors closed while the offloaded our luggage .
i spoke up because this made me very uneasy .
when checking in to our flights , everywhere in the world , we , as passengers , are asked if anyone has touched our luggage that we do not know .
i told the tourinter person that i was not comfortable with a stranger handling my bag while i was forced to stay on the bus .
do not worry , we wont ' steal anything from you .
i told him that i was not afraid of what would be taken out of my bag but what might be put into it .
i have since wrote a letter to the transportation safety administration regarding this scam at the airport .
this is a very serious force protection issue and it should not be allowed to continue .
so after they unload your bag , they want a tip .
we took our bag and walked off .
in conclusion , this 4 star resort is a flop .
go to mexico or puerto rico instead and check out real service in the caribbean .
this princess is only a female frog in disguise .
nightmare from beginning to end !
my boyfriend and i stayed at the bavaro princess in punta cana may 2003 for 6 nights .
it was a disaster from the moment we got off the plane .
my passport was switched with someone else 's ( i did not realize this until i got to the hotel and they asked to see my passport at check in - - - -so be very careful when the airport checks your passport , they rush and i never thought to look at the picture when the man handed it back to me ) .
we then waited 45 minutes on the bus at the airport while the man came to collect our transfer tickets to get to the hotel .
once we got to the hotel , they placed us in the wrong room (2 twin beds ) we also purchased the vip which we did not have ( our refrigerator was not stocked ) .
once we complained to the front desk , nothing was ever done .
we could not even get reservations for dinner that night or the next night .
why we purchased the vip package , i still do not know .
our trip was based on making trips to and from the front desk ( a pretty far walk since the hotel property is huge . . . .too big actually ) .
you have to take shuttle buses around the resort which was a joke .
half the time the buses were packed and you would have to wait for another one and shockingly that one would be packed also .
the only nice thing i can say about punta cana is the beaches were absolutely beautiful .
i would highly suggest staying at another resort though .
there was not much of a night - life at this resort .
nobody spoke english and the food was horrible .
whatever we ate went right through us . . . my boyfriend was stuck in the room an entire day with bad stomach pains ( if you know what i mean ) .
so be careful with what you eat and drink there .
we had eventually gotten our room switched after the 3rd night .
than when it was time to check out we got charged a massive amount of miscellaneous charges from our other room .
charges such as phone calls ( we never used the phone ) snacks taken from the mini bar ( which we only took what we were allowed to take with the vip package ) .
even the check out was a hassle . . . .over 30 minutes arguing .
we settled on paying maybe 50.00 us dollars just to leave the hotel , we were tired of arguing .
nobody really understood us anyway .
so the vacation turned out to be a disaster , but we tried our best to enjoy what we could and took advantage of the beach and pool . . . . . and drinks ! ! enjoy !
bavaro princess nightmare prior to leaving for the bavaro princess , my family and relatives that joined us on the trip were looking through the reviews at several of the vacation sites , and many of these reviews were far from positive .
i figured that people writing these reviews were rich snobs and had way to high expectations for the resort .
knowing that it is a five star resort , i could not believe that this resort was as bad as it was said to be . after a moderately long 6 hour flight from winnipeg , manitoba , canada to thunder bay , ontario , canada , to punta cana , dominican republic , we could rest assure that we were bound for a week of relaxation and indulgence into what was supposed to be a five star resort .
arriving at the gates of the resort , was like arriving at the gates of heaven , with lush gardens , and magnificent floral arrangements and massive palm trees .
as we stepped off the bus we walked into the grass - hut - style - entrance - way were there was a bar , travel agent representatives , stores , a nice pond with turtles and fish , and of course the check - in . here is where things became interesting .
when my parents purchased the holiday package , we purchased the vip package , which included all international drinks , two bathrobes per room , free massage , newly renovated rooms that were supposed to be ocean - view , several passes to the a la carte restaurants and to the gourmet restaurant the licey .
our first wrinkle in our vacation started when we were not given ocean side rooms , which we were okay with .
however , what really turned us off was how we did not get rooms remotely close to our relatives , which was arranged through our travel agent that called the resort and specifically asked for .
we went to our rooms via golf cart train which was nice to have as the resort was very large .
i tried to remain positive after the discussion with the front desk staff , but was again immediately disgusted as we passed through what seemed to be a sewage management site , where the aroma of raw sewage filled the air .
finally we got to our rooms , whice coincidentally smelt like sewage as well . we asked for another room , and we were told that we could not have one and that we would have to wait for a few days .
finally , we were given another room after three days .
the rooms were okay , but had several problems , with them .
my perfectionist personality was not satisfied , as the rooms were not cleaned very well , like how the bidet constantly became dirtier and no one was using it .
we soon learned that , tips of five dollars american , plus candies , and other gifts were enough to get our floors swept . now to get to what was the worst about the resortthe food .
dining at bavaro princess was like being on fear factor food challenges .
the buffets were interesting with the varieties of cheese , lunchmeats , and interesting seafood .
the bavaro princess has truly mastered to art of blood sausage as they have managed to incorporate it into as many meals as possible .
i must say that the al carte restaurants had amazing service , but lacked in the food department .
we went to the licey on my cousins birthday .
the food leading up to the main entr?e was satisfactory .
as we came into the dominican republic as a group of eight , many of us ordered what was called the princess lobster , it was a combination of pineapple and curry on a grilled lobster .
on first inspection of the lobster , it looked like it was diseased , and first taste tasted like it was diseased .
the strength of the curry was enough to choke , and the pineapple did not help .
my advice on choosing at the licey would be the steak or the veal chops , both were actually very good .
breakfast was a constant disappointment , as blood sausage was once again in the mix .
my suggestion is eat the yogurt , fruit breads but stay very far away from the omelets or the eggs , as they are extremely undercooked .
el pescadour was my favorite restaurant it was a seafood restaurant , which was flawless , the lobster there was excellent , and everything else was fantastic .
the brazilian steak house was all right .
my only suggestion would be to stay very far away from the brazilian bread , as there is again blood sausage on toast .
the italian restaurant , which i believe was called bella pasta , was a terrible disappointment , from raw veal , to the princess pizza , which included slices of hot dogs , and yes more blood sausage , not only was a weird combination but also was inedible as it smelt like a hockey bag full of very used equipment .
the other restaurant , el gaucho i believe it was called , was another seafood restaurant but in a buffet style .
everything was actually so revolting i stuck with bread and ice cream .
i urge you to do the same as there are flies eating the same thing you are for whom knows how long .
finally the snack house and the bars .
the hot dogs at the snack house were deep fried , which i found to be very unusual , the fries there were also very undercooked and saturated from the oil .
the bars would serve adults first and then children , i once stood in line while several adults would so kindly cut in front of me . speed of service was incredibly slow as we almost missed our flight because the bellhop took 2 hours to get 2 bags . the entertainment was also brutal , as a clown would stand on stage and scream at everyone in spanish while children would be following him .
after the childrens show was over we would watch people dance around and lisping the 70s music , with what looked like an elementary school play . some other highlights of our trip were swimming next to someones feces in the pool and spotting used tampons on the pathways .
also beware , that there are countless topless women , and men in g - strings , if you have children that you do not want to be exposed to this , or find it offensive , find another resort ! although the resort was mediocre , and the food was terrible , we managed to have a good time and can laugh about how bad it was there .
oh and by the way , bring lots of money because imported food is very expensive there .
i would suggest bringing some of your own food , too .
if i were to go back there , i would pack an electric frying pan and bring a weeks worth of food in a coolerno joke ! i would strongly recommend not booking a trip at this resort regardless of whatever your travel agent tells you .
if you are from north america , you will be strongly disappointed .
welcome to hell the entire trip was a disaster short and sweet : #1) staff was rude , did not go out of their way to help and clearly disliked americans . #2)
a/c and tv barely worked and mini - bar was not refilled . #3)
alcohol was bottom shelf and food was average at best . #4)
nearly impossible to make reservations at restaurants , which were half empty when we walked by . #5) shuttle buses are souped up golf carts , drivers are rude - one made us chase him to the bus stop and then just took off as we got there . #6)
no atm on site - have to use one in town . #7)
takes 4ever to get served . #8)
management does not care about guests ' feelings , language barrier exists and although management and staff do speak english , they refuse . #9)
signed up for speed boat and snorkeling - waited 2 hours past meeting time - bus never showed up , our $ was refunded next day . #10)
shuttle to casino barely ran , had to walk - not exactly safe - @ night . #11)
no entertainment on sight - none ! ! #12) woken up at 9am every morning w/ knocking on the door , despite do not disturb sign . lastly , place is a joke , beach is great , other than that would not stay there for free .
worst vacation ever my fiancee and i stayed at the bavaro princess from april 8 through the 13th .
having just gotten engaged i was hoping for an enjoyable vacation .
upon arrival , a day late due to the snow , we were told that there was not a room for us , and were told rather rudely .
after contacting our travel agent and having them contact bavaro it seems that bavaro overlooked a confirmed fax from our agent had sent informing them that we would be a day late .
luckily they just happened to find a room that 5 minutes earlier didnt exist .
our first complaint is that maybe 2 people speak english on the entire staff .
every peice of food is fried in soy bean oil and it takes its toll on your stomach after a day or 2. we were left in a sweltering hot room for approximately 3 hours without electricity , four calls later and alot of sweat we finally got someone to fix it .
could not get an explanation in english though .
the staff was was very rude , the vip package is a joke and isnt worth $5.
there are only 5 ocean veiw rooms so dont fall for that .
i must say that the grounds were beautiful .
but that is the only impressive thing .
we had ants all over our room on a daily basis .
when we called the front desk and they heard us talking english they just hung up on us .
the entire situation was very frustrating .
the enitire place was filled with rude french travelers .
the lines at the bars and at the buffets were not worth the 30 minute wait , the 30 minute included massage with the vip package lasted 15 minutes and i could have gotten a better massage from the jets in the pool .
overall , stay away from the bavaro princess if you are american !
hated it !
this resort ( if you can call it that ) was horrible .
upon arrival only two clerks were checking in a swarm of new arrivals .
the line was unbearable .
next our rooms , smelled of mold and mildew and every night we spend some time killing all the bugs before we went to sleep .
spiders crawled on the ceilings , waterbugs guarded the bathroom , and the area on top of our bed was swarming with tiny ants .
the tv had no remote and barely worked ( unless you like snow and a rolling picture on your screen ) .
and you can forget about simple luxuries such as robes , an iron or clean sheets .
the beach towels bled their color onto our clothing once wet ( they were navy ) .
the food was barely edible ( we lived on doritos and cheetos from the gift shop ) .
at the spa ( nothing to brag about ) we were asked to share a towel !
and last but not least , the staff was poorly trained , rude and very unaccomodating .
upon speaking to others vacationers there , i got the exact same feedback , proving once and for all , the feeling was mutal all around , made even more obvious by upset guests .
on a positive note , the pool and beach were beautiful , but if that 's what you 're looking for you can find it somewhere where you can be pampered as well .
this was not a 5 star resort .
the vacation from hell look , i do not want to seem like all we did was complain to these people , but that was just about the only thing my child , my wife and me could do about his hotels behavoir .
we strongly do not recomend this hotel to anyone !
we arrived around 6 p . m . at the hotel and arrived at our room at 6:30 p . m . to find people still there , not fully packed , and the room was a mess .
the hotel was making extra money by allowing guests to stay later for a price , even though we were due in at about 4:30- 5:00.
we called to the front desk for a maid three times , before one came .
we were upset because we were tired , hot , and hungry and it looked like we couldnt relax or have a clean room for awhile . we went to the front desk and told them that one woman wouldnt be able to clean , since it was so filthy and asked if they had another room available .
the assistant manager said i was arguing with him , when there was no argument , just a complaint about service .
another worker behind the desk offered us another room .
we said we will eat first and then look at the room , and leave our luggage in the first room .
the asst .
manager said he understood and would do that .
the restaurant and front desk are 25 feet away from each other .
when we came back our luggage was at the front desk .
the asst .
manager said , oh , so you are going to another hotel ?
he was being arrogant .
i reminded him of our conversation .
he laughed .
we went to see the other room .
there in the bathtub we found a huge dead roach .
i told the bell boy to get the roach .
i left the bathroom , he went in .
my daughter went to see the roach and saw him put it in his pocket .
he came out and said there was no roach .
we were so tired we stayed in that room with the musty smell and noisey air conditioner ``` at this supposedly five star hotel .
we had something stolen from our room , filled out a security report and nothing was evr done about it .
in fact they said that we lost our belongings , not that it was stolen out of the room .
we spent the whole vacation defending ohe asst .
manager said - why do you expect us to pay for something that you lost .
my wife jumped out of her chair and approached the desk .
she said our items were in the locked room and where taken .
they treated us like we were lying .
he said , laughing , if the items were stolen why didnt you call the police .
go ahead call the police .
he knew we were leaving shortly .
he said why didnt you go to the manager .
i said because you told me to fill out a report with security and wait .
also , i was waiting for an important fax to come in , i notified the front desk of the fact , i gave them my name as it appears on the fax and my artistic name .
the fax was sitting there for two days .
i missed the appointment , and the opportunity . also , every single day they charged us for the mini bar , we never took anything from the bar , just used it to keep our water cold which was free bottled water from the outside bars .
we even told them to lock it , we didnt want it .
one worker behind the desk said they do it to everyone just ignore it , they see childrens clothes and shoes they charge candy .
they finally wrote off everything but one bottle of evian .
it was stressful to constantly go through one problem after the other and being called a liar .
the asst .
manager acted like he was doing us a favor by taking off the mini bar bill .
they had such a terrible attitude . the transportation from the main house to the rooms , restaurants , shops in the large complex , that looked like golf carts , burned diesel fuel , or at least smelled like it , made us sick every day .
not like in puerto rico where they run on electric .
they said that all water sports were included but didnt mention they only had 5 boogie boards and you could only have it for an hour and if you didnt return it in time a charge would be billed to your room , also the catamaran had to be back in half an hour .
beer bottles were allowed in the main pool where we swam and we constantly were watching to see if anybody broke any bottles in the pool . .
also there were some people who wereol the mans girlfriend put her breast in his mouth and said he needed to be breast fed not bottle fed .
so we reminded them that they were in public , we had an 11 year old daughter there , and there were other children there , and could they go back to the room and continue .
all in all it was a terrible experience and we got the feeling they did not like americans .
we have traveled in many countries and have never been treated like this . p . s . : we have read everyone elses comments about this hotel and we do not think that some people should be talking about other people 's ordeals like that .
these comments are just trying to tell others about their horrible or excellent experience at barvado princess . god bless all 
caution from bavaro princess  i am writing this letter to inform you of the terrible vacation we just experienced in the bavaro princess resort in punta - cana dominican republic .
we were very unfortunate to book a week in the bavaro princess resort .
we booked the so - called 'vip package '.
we were told that with the vip package we will be getting a newly renovated suite , closest to the ocean , bath robes in the room , beach towels in the room , mini bar restocked daily with premium drinks , gourmet dinner at the licey restaurant and so much more .
here is what we got : 1. the room was not renovated , it was in a terrible shape , the bed sheets were dirty , and so were the pillow cases and the closet shelves .
my daughter had to lay her own clothes on the pillows to be able to sleep on it and my wife had to lay our own towels on the bed to be able to sleep on it .
we had to lay our shopping bags on the closet shelves before we could put our clothes on it .
we were bitten in our beds by bugs all night .
my bed was broken and was never fixed for the whole week .
we had cockroaches in the room .
we had bugs all over the bathroom .
2. the room we were given was not close to the beach it was third row with no sight of the beach at all , let alone 'closest '!
3. we had to complain for days until they got us the bathrobes and the beach towels in the room .
4. the only drinks they gave us in the mini bar were two bottles of water , two cans of coke and two cans of seven up .
all the rest of the drinks were for extra charge including the simple juice bottles .
so much for vip premium drinks ! 5.
there was never enough pressure in the showers , we had to shower on a drip by drip every evening .
6. we had booked the vip package for my whole family , yet when we arrived , they forced us to pay $15.00 us dollars for my daughter in order to let her eat in the licey restaurant .
7. the food in the restaurant and specifically in the buffet restaurant was so dirty that i picked flies from my own food plate at least three times .
we could not even touch the deserts in the buffet as we could see with our own eyes flies that are resting in peace in the big plates .
8. our daughter got sick for a whole day in her stomach from the food and the drinks .
she was throwing up and had diarrhea , so did lots of other kids and adults all around us . 9. the transportation buses were in a very deteriorated shape , it was very noisy , it could hardly move and it was polluting the environment all around , let alone that in most cases they were very crowded that we had to wait for a long time to be able to find enough space for the four of us .
10. we were promised with the vip package to have reserved spots on the beach but it did not exist .
11. for a whole week , we specifically asked for the hotel manager , they refused to let us meet with the hotel manager , they even refused to give us his or her name .
terrible service , inconsiderate staff if you have never been in a 5 star all - inclusive resort before , you may think that there is nothing wrong with this place .
however it is the worst place i have been to and i have seen a lot .
although resort grounds are absolutely spectacular , staff is rude and absolutely indifferent to you and you will have to scream and argue to get anything done .
room service is dysfunctional and we got bed sheets changed only once in 7 days .
food is horrible and everyone in our group got sick .
management refuses to do anything to help you and is a cause of all problems .
i only described some of my bad experiences in bavaro princess and you can contact me to find out more .
there much better places to go .
stay away from that place .
terrible from day one we [my wife and i] had nothing but problems .
the first was with the room , we were put in the flinstones suite with two seperate beds , as we are young did not find this to good .
we asked to be moved but were told they could not do this .
then the problems continued with the door lock not working , we were locked out 4 times with maintenance only coming twice .
the last time my wife asked the cleaing girl to let her in at which point the girl insisted my wife call the front desk while she stood over her and continued to ask do not you speak spanish .
we found 80% of the employees were on the rude side and could not be bothered to help us , especially the lobby staff .
when i asked to speak to a manager one was never available .
i do not know how you expect to stay in business if you keep running the way you are going . the food we found to be passible for ok except for the japanese .
on the last day as we were leaving , we recieved a bill for a safe to which we never had .
when complaining about it they sent a maintenance man and security to the room to check it out , as if we wwere lying to get out of a 14.00 bill . we were there for a medical conference with 140 people , if they go back there for another one we will not go .
never stay in sol melia sol or melia of any kind ! ! ! !
when we first arrived we were on a train to our room ( too far to walk , nothing to do by the rooms , strike one ) .
i asked a fellow passenger what he thought of the place , he didnt sound enthusiasic , said 'its nice '.
i asked about restaurant recommendations , he said they were supposed to have good food 'if you can get into one '.
i was soon to find out what he meant .
our vacation was virtually ruined by staying at this awfully managed facility .
while there are some positives , they are vastly out weighed by the negative .
the best restaurants must be reserved at least one day in advance , and even when reserved we were often told at the door that our reservation was not there , or we had to go to the back of the line and wait to see if there would be room they were letting those who had time shares in ahead of us , and even when the restaurant was mostly empty we were told to wait .
i literally had to make a scene in the restaurant to be seated , the hostess was rude and argumentative in at least one case .
after 5 pm the pool bar closes , the pool lights go off , and the beach is unattended , un lit , with no activities .
you are then forced to take a train from your room to the main building if you want to do anything that evening ( or go to the unlit beach or pool ) .
the main building has few if any fans and is open air so it is unbearably hot , the only air conditioning to be found is in your room , the disco , or the video game room .
as for the rooms , nice , but other inclusives include soft drinks , beers , gift baskets , we did not have any .
there was more stress arguing to get a seat in a restaurant then my vactions need , my attempts to address this issue wiht the food and beverage manager were unsuccessful , and the coorperate office told me that what i experienced was not anything for them to investigate because it does not happen , guess we imagined it .
i would never stay at any sol melia , melia , or sol resort ever , and your a sucker if you buy there time share ( we did not ) .
consider yourself warned !
loved punta cana , hated hotel this is only the place for you if you do not care about quality at all and you are going for cheap ! ! ! !
i love punta cana , and we plan to go every year from now on , but i would not stay here again .
i will stay at the ritz in cap cana from now on .
it is way to spread out ! ! ! !
i had read that in several reviews , but i thought how bad could it really be . . . oh it is ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the food was terrible .
i would rather go to a fine hotel and decide on quality not quanity ! ! ! !
the worst vacation i ever had the only positive thing i can say about this facility is that the grounds are well maintained . . . and now for the bad news : 1. arrival and check - in took 45 minutes .
no one seemed to know how to use the computer or who was responsible for what .2. room upgrades that we booked were ignored and the # of beds requested were incorrect3.
we finally got to room and it took another hour for the bags to arrive .4. dinner reservations were totally frustrating .
we were told we had no reservation ( even though we called prior and were told we didn?? need to do that until we arrived ) and were sent to the marketplace for dinner .
the food in this factory style buffet was the qualityof a public school cafeteria .
you could not eat healthy if you wanted to .
5. were told by , a guest relation worker , to confirm flight the following day at 10:30.
this was a scam to run us into the vacation club presentation .6.
we woke up on our first full day to no running water .
we called and were told it would be fixed .
we called again after 40 minutes when no one arrived .7. we went to see another rep at 10:30 to confirm our flight .
he was not there and we waited 30 minutes for him to show up and then ask us to wait another 15 minutes .
when he finally sat down , he told us he couldn?? confirm out flight until the day before our departure and proceeded to try to sell us on excursions .
we were very clear that we were not interested in buying anything further and the sales pitch continued .
when asked if we had any questions we expressed that our lack of water was still and issue and he advised up to call the 3000 number which we told him we called twice already .
he made no other effort to assist us and we were then ushered out by guest relation workerand put on a golf cart .8. we were then taken to a vacation club meeting and were told by guest relation workerthat we need to sit for 20 minutes even though the paper said 90 so he could get his points and we would get 50.00 to spend .
we told him we weren?? interested in the club but at that point thought we could get someone?? attention about the water if we went in .
the guest relation worker said that if we sat with the rep . he would call a manager about the water .
so we did sit there and then told the female rep about the problem .
without hesitation she went on with the sales pitch .
another male rep was sent over and we told him we were not interested in buying a club membership .
he apologized about our bad experiences thus far and inquired how much we paid for our vacation .
he then proceeded to walk us over to a gallery of pictures .
( the founder and all the other melia resorts around the world ) he the asked , ??ow would like to spend less on our vacation next time ? ? ? to which i responded , ??ill my room have water ? ? ? i then told him outright how aggravated i was that the beginning of my first vacation day was taken up by these sales antics .
he then summoned two managers who we told how disappointed we were in our first day?? stay .
we alerted them about the water and then and only then after going through the 3000 number twice , guest relation worker , the rep from hotel beds , the female rep , the male rep did they offer to call to see to the problem .
we were in the midst of other vacationers receiving the sales pitch and i believe their interest was in shutting us up as to not allow the others to see our dissatisfaction .
9. we left and walked back to our room ( no one offered to escort us and they had to the sales promotion ) and miraculously the problem had been rectified .
by this time it was almost 2pm .10. specialty restaurants the food was terrible .
the menus did not make sense .
why in an italian restraint would you not have parmesan cheese on the tables ?
since when is brie cheese an italian appetizer ?
the seafood that was offered seemed frozen .
the desserts were definitely frozen and thawed , sometimes not even all the way .
in the french restaurant i ordered a spinach role and was served a soggy plate of green slop swimming in cream .
presentation and especially taste were appalling .
11. the bars were under - stocked and under manned .
at the pool bar the soda fountains on the upper level did not work .
every time you ordered a soda they would have to go down to the bottom pool level to retrieve it .
??hey did not stock basic things like cranberry or orange juices . ??hey
only offered presidente beer .
??artenders would ignore you unless you put tip money on the bar before service . ? ? bartenders did not know how to make basic drinks .
i received a cosmopolitan at the bar by the mexican restaurant in a glass with salt around the rim as if i had ordered a margherita .
i thought it was a mistake so i reordered the drink to get another the same way .12. the only way to get service was to show the tips and no one would make change .
i was told by the front desk , guest services , the store and the bartenders they could not make change for a 20 dollar bill .
13. the only way to get change was at the casino and for that you had to get chips .
in order to get any service you had to put a tip out which should not be the case .
any decent percent would tip for good service rendered .
this resort seemed to work in reverse .
14. no one answered a question directly and we were sent to person after person .15. to make a dinner reservation was extremely frustrating .
in order to get one you had to call no later than 11 am and the staff would rush you off the phone mid question .
i was hung up on twice in mid sentence .16.
my husband and i were celebrating our 13 wedding anniversary adn were profoundly disappointed in this trip .
it was frustrating and i had a stress headache for the 9 days we were there .
my advice is go to the bahamas where people are glad to see you , friendly , hand you a drink upon arrival and tell you to relax because you 're on vacation .
avoid like the plague let me start with the good , since there wo not be much , the resort was beautiful .
it was huge , clean , and well maintained .
it was almost too huge , but i enjoyed the large spacious feel ( my wife did not though ) .
if you don?? want to ready the entire thing to get the idea , avoid this resort like the plague . well , that 's all of the good , now for the bad .1.
the food was not good at all .
the restaurants were just south of ok , but everyone we went with was sick at least once .
the japanese restaurant was the best , but we had to agree to a time share presentation to get reservations for that .
the buffet near the main entrance was the best , and with the exception of the lobster night , it was mediocre at best .
everyone was sick at least once , and two of our group were still sick when they got home .
my wife missed two days of work when we got home because of something she ate there .2.
the pools close at 7. who closes a pool at 7 in the caribbean ?
we would have stayed in longer but they would throw us out at 7.3.
the staff was less than motivated to help you out .
i do not know if it is a cultural thing or what , but if , if , you could get their attention they would slowly wander over and take your order .
then they would turn around and leisurely walk away , probably filling other orders , and finally remember you ordered something .
if it was not beer there was no way you could get the same drink mixed the same way twice .
also , frozen drinks were few and far between .
trying to get a drink menu was like pulling toe nails off a police dog .
now , if you tipped them , it was a whole different story , see next paragraph .4.
i paid a lot of money to avoid having to take money with me everywhere .
i have no problem with tipping , but i do not expect to have to tip every person i see when i 'm on vacation .
i specifically requested a vacation through my travel agent where i did not have to tip .
it starts at the airport ( of course ) where you tip a guy to move your bag about 30 feet to the bus .
this is standard , so i was not too upset .
also , you have to buy a pass into the country ( $10) .
you walk the pass about 10 feet to another guy that takes it from you .
what a scam . then you get on your apple bus ( that was my vacation company ) .
the apple representative tells you how long you will be on the road to your hotel and you arrive after he announces that you do not have to tip the driver , but the economy survives on it .
you also get the typical speech how your driver just happens to be the best in the country .
my bus ride was 15 minutes long and i did not see one nascar worthy moment during my trip .
so you get pressured to tip him on the way off .
as soon as you are off the bus the porters have their hands out to take a tip for removing your bags from the bus and putting them near the front desk .
then your bags show up at your room somewhere in the next two hours .
if you tip them , you get them a lot faster . the maids will clean your room faster and better if you leave a tip for them .
apparently you could also tip the maids and they would stock your mini fridge with rum , but i never tried .
the bartenders will serve you faster if you tip them .
i tried tipping one of them to see what the difference was , and anytime i saw him after that he immediately asked me if i needed anything .
they expect the tips up front , then provide the service , instead of working for them/earning them after a job well done .
that irritates me .
i tip based on service provided , not on the hope my service will be good .5.
there were no bars on the beach .
the nearest bar was a considerable walk and no one came out to bring drinks .
now , if you tipped the bartenders at the pool bar ( a considerable distance away ) they would come out to you and bring trays of drinks ( i saw it ) , of course , that would leave the pool bar understaffed and prolong the wait .
the bartenders were less than motivated unless you tipped them up front , then the biggest tipper got the first and best service .6.
the second day we were there a note was slipped under the door telling us we had to meet the ??pple guy? ? at the front dest to confirm our departure times .
we had to meet him at 5:30.
no way was i going to take time out of my vacation to track down a guy on his schedule .
the next day we got the same note .
we finally started looking for him on the 5th day .
the front desk didn?? know when he would be there , the other travel agencies told us he was off , the customer service guy told us to check early in the morning , and no one was right .
basically we looked for him until someone from funjet was kind enough to look in the apple book and tell us what time we had to be there .
what a joke ! ! !
we paid a lot of money for this vacation and they can?? even just slip a piece of paper under the door to tell us when to be in the front lobby .
they wanted us to take time out to seek the guy that was never there .
horrible . i?? sure there is more and i know this was lengthy , but i wanted to let everyone know about every aspect .
good luck if you choose this one .
if you can handle the time share guys they will give you $70.00 in certificates ( you can even exchange it for currency in the casino ) .
but they are going to try to get you hooked for 90 minutes and won?? even tell you the price until the end .
traveler beware ! ! ! ! ! !
we traveled with another couple to celebrate their 40th wedding anniversary and upgraded to junior service , which we never received !
upon arrival we were dropped at the main entrance and never told to go the the proper check - in area , our suite door did not lock and someone walk into our room , we had daily problems with our bathroom that required maintance and gave us many sleepless nights , pillows and wash cloths had to be requested daily and the food was terrible .
talks wtih the manager did not help .
golf was part of our package and the only tee times available were 12 noon or later . i would not recommend this resort to anyone ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! our travel agent has been trying to resolve somes issues with the resort since dec . 07 and has had no luck .
very poor client service !
hotel wonderful experience horrible we stayed at the melia caribe tropical from april 17 to april 22 2008.
the hotel was probably one of the most beautiful hotels i have ever stayed in however u must be aware of sickness ! ! ! my husband  i went w/our 3 children age 9, 6 2 myself my oldest and middle child got violently ill the last two days of trip so bad we ended up in the hospital w/dehydration 103.5 fever chills vomitting diarhhea u name it we had it ! ! ! it was all supposedly from the pool water which is not cleaned w/chlorine and considering my husband and my 2 year old did not go in the pool i believe that 's what it was .
it is a very poor country and very very unsanitary ! ! ! the hospital was frightening ! ! ! no one spoke a word of english ! ! ! so needless to say the hospital stay was not a good one .
my 2 year old picked up a contact dermatitis from the towels or sheet we do not know what he was covered in red hives all over his face neck and arms .
we travel quite a bit to the caribbean and we never ever had such a horrible experience as this trip ! ! ! we will never leave the country again and if we do we will never ever ever go to the dominican republic again ! ! ! ! ever ! ! !
will not return my husband and i stayed at the resort 4/9 - 4/13 and opted for the royal service package .
to start this review on a positive note , the property and grounds are well - kept and the royal service pool was convenient and nice .
everything else was very disappointing .
we found two huge cockroaches in our royal master suite on consecutive days .
the food was horrible and to top it off , both my husband and i got sick from something we ate which lasted for 3 days .
suffice to say , we will not be returning to this resort .
very disappointed punta cana , dominican republic : melia caribe tropical - very disappointeddate : april 2008review : this was my first and last trip to this resort .
when i was booking my room at this resort i found that if i paid extra i could have a room in the royal service area .
which offers additional amenities .
it is a waste of your money to go with royal service .
when i arrived it was not until i approached someone before they began assigning my room and the rooms of the other people i was traveling with .
i requested a pool side view and the room was facing the pool but it was nowhere in view .
the royal service area is located to far from the beach .
you can take a trolley car if you do not mind waiting 5 to 20 minuets or you can walk 15 minuets in the hot sun .
in my room the first thing i saw was a basket of fruit that was left there from the previous guest .
the lady who was supposed to clean my room would only clean it once a day at 4:30 in the afternoon and she would not replace items used .
such as coffee creamer .
if i wanted to take more than one shower a day i had to reused my towel .
in the bathroom i plugged in my blow dryer ( i rather use mine ) and when i went to unplug it the whole socket came out of the wall .
neither me nor my husband could figure out why we could set the clock in the room and if we left the room and returned the clock would be blinking as if they lost power .
the others in my party also had this problem .
my son - in - law and daughter had a room next to me and when my son - in - law was is his bathroom he saw what he thought was dirt on the floor so he brushed it with his barefoot to find that it was not dirt but a rusted screw ( where a door stopper used to be ) which pierced his toe .
so my daughter called the front desk and reported the problem .
where they offered no medical care .
my daughter was told that the maintenance man would be there to repair the problem .
after three days of calling the problem was never repaired .
my other daughter and her boyfriend also had problems in they room .
first problem was when the boy friend remove the towel from the rack in the bathroom to dry his face and the whole rack came off the wall .
the next thing for them was their air conditioner was leaking water on the floor so they went to the front desk to report it .
the good thing was they upgraded them to a suite .
no complaints there . i found the worst thing about this place was this salesman kept at us to purchase time share .
i mean every time i went to return a pool towel he was there to brother us .
i kept telling him no thank you .
then he called my room to ask us to meet him .
i said sorry not interested .
the worst was when he showed up at my room and had the maid knot on my door .
when i opened it he was behind her and again was asking to talk to us .
at this point we were very angry so i just shut the door .
this was our vacation .
excursions : be careful some of them take only cash .
they tell you the ride takes 15 minuets to get to your excursion when it took one hour and 10 minuets .
in a open cattle truck .
if you use your charge card make sure your credit card company does not charge to convert the peso .
restaurants : we ate french at ma maison which was great , el guarapo dominican very very slow service , hokkaido japanese another good one but the hardest to get reservation in .
la pagoda very very slow and not very good .
the grounds were nice but still under construction .
a lot of paths were mud .
my husband was walking to dinner , through a path that was not lit up or roped off but was very muddy dew to sprinklers .
and he ended up twisting his ankle . overall it really was not what we anticipated and will not return .
beautiful grounds - everything else is sub - standard my friends and i planned a 2 week stay at the melia caribe tropical in punta cana through expedia .
everything was included - transportation to and from , airfare , hotel etc .
we read many good reviews and some bad ones but decided to go with this one because of the price and the beautiful pictures .
there was a total of 10 people aged 19-36, 2 singles and 4 couples .
upon touchdown at the airport , which really looked like a third world airport we were forced to pay $10 per person entry fee for a stamp in our passport , after waiting 2 hours in long lines of all the other people waiting to get that stamp .
let me tell you - there is no airconditioning and it is very hot and musty in dr .
after that nightmare , we went on our bus to be driven to the hotel .
the bus which made about 6 stops , took over 2 hours .
we went to the rs check - in which bypassed all the lines and they told us we could go straight to the royal service lounge and check in .
ok we did , but we had to carry our own bags - not something from a 5 star hotel/resort .
we did not complain .
upon arriving in the royal service lounge , we were notified that our rooms had been double booked .
not a big deal as we have experienced this before in even 5 star hotels around the world .
however , when they could not verify our information and blamed the confusion on us and left us to make our own telephone calls to expedia we flipped out .
but surprise surprise - we were not the only ones there with the same problem .
two other couples were arguing with the manager ( a real b **** ) because they were charged for calls they never made and because they had such a terrible time there !
we waited 4 hours until matters got cleared up and they verified us ! 4 hours !
no apolgy , no discounts or upgrades and we got no compensation !
in any event , they took our bags to the rooms ( building 5, rooms 5206-5214 if i remeber correctly ) and we got on a golf cart to move 100 feet to the other side of the pool .
they took the long way !
in the room , the a/c was off and the room was musty and hot and sticky .
not 5 star , not even 3 star service .
before the bell boy put the bags down he had his hand out for money .
we gave him $1 each - $1 too much .
that was the start of a bad trip - one that we cut short from two weeks to 9 days !
here 's the summary - grounds - very clean and beautiful .
the pools are great .
very clean .
the pathways can be very slippery so be careful .
the grounds are huge !
you need 20-30 minutes to walk from one side to the other and everywhere is clean .
they have a trolly train that goes arounf from time to time and you see many workers on motor scooters but they puff black cancer causing smoke into the air .
rooms - clean sheets and bedding .
comfortable mattress .
we had 2 small flat screen tv 's which were ok but no so clear and only had 8 channels .
the bathroom was very big and nicely designed .
the jaccuzzi bath is large and new .
the seperate shower w/ glass door was very nice but there was some mold around the bottom tiles and mold around the sink .
for the most part the room was ok , 4 star .
the a/c does not work all the time .
at one time the a/c cut out in the middle of the night and they repaird it by lunch the next day but it still was never cool in the room .
also it is very humid and sticky so your clothes does not dry - in fact it always feels damp and musty .
a nice point was the rs has a pillow menu with different pillows but they book quick and you can only get 1 type per room .
also with royal service they pick you up with golf carts - lol it a joke .
you would be lucky if you seen one that will pick you up every 5 hours !
btw , rs gives you a special braclet to wear and when the driver sees this they are supposed to pick you up - most of them just ignore you .
and that is not just my opinion but all of the guests that were with us .
each of us became sick at least 1 night during the first 4 days - vomiting and diarrhea .
pepto bismol costs $20! caution - the store there is the biggest rip off ever .
we ate in : -la gondola - ok italian and the best restaurant there - ma masion - french food gone bad - we probably got sick there - the american grill - terrible - la hacienda - bland , boring and small portions - hokkaido - japanese food thats not real japanese and poor quality - we also got sick from thisservice - horrible .
we give service 1 star .
it takes 2 hours to have our door unlocked when the lock battery died !
not acceptable . value - it rates poor , 1 star .
we left feeling ripped off .
the price is good when looking for 5 star service but you really get 2 star service .
the managers are rude and do not care about you .
they have no concept of what it means to serve .
i think part of the problem is they are poor dominicans and they look at americans as rich spoiled brats and they feel they do not have to serve you - - that being said , not everyone was bad .
some workers actually worked hard and we gave them a $10 per day tip . everyone else , from house cleaning to guest services is rude and they only want your money .
do not go on any excursions .
we went on a quad excursion for $90 each for a 6 hour tour - what we got was broken quads with non - function brakes that were downright dangerous .
in the end , we would never go to this hotel or any sol melia resort anywhere in the world after what we went through .
the whole reason i am writing this is because of this experience and because after writing several letters to complain we got no response from anyone in the actualy hotel - we did get a response from corporate and they gave us a free 3 night stay with any 3 night purchase - thanks but no thanks .
even if they paid for the entire trip we would say no way jose ! if you are used to 1 star service this may be an upgrade for you - its 2 star overall including the beautiful grounds .
avoid this place at all costs if you have experienced other good places around the world .
this has to be the absolute 2nd worst place ( after world of wonders resort in turkey which takes honors as the worst place on earth ) sol melia , we award you 2nd place for the worst vacation experience ever .
cut it short and flew home - need i say more ! ! ! ! !
i arrived on saturday and called my husband and said get me out of here on tuesday - i was able to get a flight home thursday afternoon . first off let me start by saying - that if you are the type of person who likes to walk out of their hotel and the pool and beach are right there for you to enjoy - this is not the place for you .
if you like a place where the staff speaks english cause you do not speak spanish - this is not the place for you .
if you like to feel as if everyone is treated equally and not by the color of the resort bracelet you wear - this place is not for you . if you want to leisurely walk around the resort ( mind you this place is huge - i could of used a helicopter to take me from the lobby to my room ) - you will need to constantly look over your shoulder for the oncoming 2 car trolley train , mopeds ( used by staff ) , golf carts and delivery trucks , maintenance trucks etc and while you are dodging these vehicles hold your breath cause the diesel smell stays with you all day and can give you terrible headaches also trying to keep my 5 year old in check while these vehicles were constantly going by was a hassle in itself .
this vacation was more work and walking then i wanted - i should have just taken my daughter to disney .
the amount of smokers ( lots of europeans and canadians - nothing against them of course ) its in my opinion from what i have seen , they have no regard for children and second hand smoke - they will come and sit right down next you with not a care in the world for anybody?? health other than there own .
there are neither designated smoking nor non - smoking areas . the restaurants and grills located by the pool - you have to be fully clothed meaning a cover up long enough to cover your entire but as well as shoes otherwise they will not serve you - i have never been to a resort where you could not walk from the pool to eat and had to be dressed to do it .
the restaurants - could not get reasonable reservations - everything available always after 8pm - when you have a 5 year old - that?? unreasonable .
there is a $2 a day charge for the lock box in your room - i have never had to pay for one !
and was not about to start .
the first day my room was cleaned - the maid forgot to lock the glass doors - anyone could have walked in and stole all my stuff .
i did not accidentally leave it unlocked as i have a daughter and had to make sure at all times - everything was secured to take a shower etc .
if you go down to the beach - there is one grill in the middle - this is a long beach so be prepared to walk to get food - and with that - there was a roach ( no kidding ) in the hot dog bun - which was originally covered with saran wrap !
still makes me shiver ! if you need a late check out - there is a $10 an hour charge - that in itself is ridiculous - oh also do not except much help from staff - unless you are constantly tipping - they will pay you no mind !
ok here i am going to talk about the vip service - it is a joke !
literally - because my best friend and her family paid for the vip service - i did not - because i did not - i could not hang out with her by the vip pool , vip pool restaurant nor the vip beach - i had to upgrade $60 a day just so i could hang out with her !
they have a vip lounge - where you can go to make reservations ask questions etc - they have no problem by passing you if you are waiting by bringing another person to sit down while you have been waiting - its as if you are invisible .
omg more importantly - do not shop in the gift shop in the caribe lobby - go to the vip lobby gift shop - the caribe lobby make up the prices as you go along - the vip lobby is reasonaly and the items are marked clearly . also you cannot drink the water - they tell you on the bus from the airport to the hotel - do not drink the water - they even tell you to use bottled water to brush your teeth - btw the maids never refilled the room with unopened bottles of water so every time you go up to a bar etc grab water while you are there - also the bathrooms do not come with wash clothes - you need to request them - what a joke ! i will say only one nice thing my daughter really enjoyed the the flintstones experience but again she is only 5! i am sure there is a lot more i can add but i am sure you are are not even reading this anymore cause hopefully you decided to save your money .
i can highly recommend the ritz carlton in jamaica it is the only all - inclusive r . c . - you do not wear a wrist band and you are treated 100% like everyone else ! good luck i arrived on saturday and called my husband and said get me out of here on tuesday - i was able to get a flight home thursday afternoon .
first off let me start by saying - that if you are the type of person who likes to walk out of their hotel and the pool and beach are right there for you to enjoy - this is not the place for you .
if you like a place where the staff speaks english cause you do not speak spanish - this is not the place for you .
if you like to feel as if everyone is treated equally and not by the color of the resort bracelet you wear - this place is not for you .
if you want to leisurally walk around the resort ( mind you this place is huge - i could of used a helicopter to take me from the lobby to my room and you will be given a map - make sure you have it with you at all times ! ) - you will need to constantly look over your shoulder for the oncoming 2 car trolley train , mopeds ( used by staff ) , golf carts and delivery trucks , maintenance trucks etc and while you are dodging these vehicles hold your breath cause the diesel smell stays with you all day and can give you terrible headaches also trying to keep my 5 year old in check while these vehicles were constantly going by was a hassle in itself .
this vacation was more work and walking then i wanted - i should have just taken my daughter to disney .
the amount of smokers ( lots of europeans and canadians - nothing against them of course ) its in my opinion from what i have seen , they have no regard for children and second hand smoke - they will come and sit right down next you with not a care in the world for anybody?? health other than there own .
there are neither designated smoking nor non - smoking areas . the restaurants and grills located by the pool - you have to be fully clothed meaning a cover up long enough to cover your entire but as well as shoes otherwise they will not serve you - i have never been to a resort where you could not walk from the pool to eat and had to be dressed to do it .
the restaurants - could not get reasonable reservations - everything available always after 8pm - when you have a 5 year old - that?? unreasonable .
there is a $2 a day charge for the lock box in your room - i have never had to pay for one !
and was not about to start .
the first day my room was cleaned - the maid forgot to lock the glass doors - anyone could have walked in and stole all my stuff .
i did not accidentally leave it unlocked as i have a daughter and had to make sure at all times - everything was secured to take a shower etc .
if you go down to the beach - there is one grill in the middle - this is a long beach so be prepared to walk to get food - and with that - there was a roach ( no kidding ) in the hot dog bun - which was originally covered with saran wrap !
still makes me shiver ! if you need a late check out - there is a $10 an hour charge - that in it is ridiculous - oh also do not except much help from staff - unless you are constantly tipping - they will pay you no mind !
ok here i am going to talk about the vip service - it is a joke !
literally - because my best friend and her family paid for the vip service - i did not - because i did not - i could not hang out with her by the vip pool , vip pool restaurant nor the vip beach - i had to upgrade $60 a day just so i could hang out with her !
they have a vip lounge - where you can go to make reservations ask questions etc - they have no problem by passing you if you are waiting by bringing another person to sit down while you have been waiting - its as if you are invisible .
omg more importantly - do not shop in the gift shop in the caribe lobby - go to the vip lobby gift shop - the caribe lobby make up the prices as you go along - the vip lobby is reasonaly and the items are marked clearly . also you cannot drink the water - they tell you on the bus from the airport to the hotel - do not drink the water - they even tell you to use bottled water to brush your teeth - btw the maids never refilled the room with unopened bottles of water so every time you go up to a bar etc grab water while you are there - also the bathrooms do not come with wash clothes - you need to request them - what a joke ! i will say only one nice thing my daughter really enjoyed the the flintstones experience but again she is only 5! i am sure there is a lot more i can add but i am sure you are are not even reading this anymore cause hopefully you decided to save your money .
i can highly recommend the ritz carlton in jamaica it is the only all - inclusive r . c . - you do not wear a wrist band and you are treated 100% like everyone else !
stay away our family traveled together to melia caribe and we booked 4 rooms at the hotel through austin travel in melville ny .
you can read on , but i highly recommend that you do not book your vacation at this resort and do not ever use austin travel in melville ny .
we booked 2 doubles and 2 kings , non - smoking .
check in took over one hour and we received 3 doubles and 1 king , all in building 19, which is actually one building with half the rooms accessible from separate entrances and therefore not 4 rooms together .
we were told by guest services that room requests ( being together in non - smoking ) is only a request , not a guarantee .
my family and i travel extensively and i 've never heard that a non - smoking room cannot be guaranteed .
after much complaining we settled on getting rid of the smoking room and were told it was a king .
when we arrived at the room it was a double .
guest services told us their computer showed it as a king and that room services must have switched the beds and not updated the computers ! !
while all of this was going on , our luggage was somehow lost on the property .
after waiting 3 hours and missing the entire afternoon , i had to jump in a van with the bell captain to track down our luggage .
when we finally found it , there was some kind of red liquid that had spilled on several suit cases and leaked through .
thankfully there was not any damage to the clothes .
our next adventure started the next morning when we arrived at the beach .
the water was very rough and the hotel understandably cancelled all of the water activities and beach activities .
this meant that the only all - inclusive day activities would take place at the pool and these amounted to playing board games .
no pool volleyball or any other type of pool games .
just a we 're sorry but the beach activities have been cancelled .
no activities except the camps for children under 10.
kids over 10 were out of luck except for the challenging climbing wall , zip line , hanging bridges and super jumper , which come at an extra cost ( the website does not tell you this ) .
after 2 days of complaints the staff opened limited beach activities and the days started to get better .
but we 're the guests and the hotel should have alternatives when the beach ca not be used .
dinner reservations experience was similar to other reviews i 've seen .
the resort ca not accommodate everyone in their a la carte restaurants so if you ca not get through at 8 am in the morning , you will be eating at the buffets unless you spend more for their royal service .
all - inclusive resort with 2 classes of guests ! ! what 's so all - inclusive ?
its more exclusive .
i could go on , but the bottom line is that the resort does not know what they are doing and the staff does not care .
there are better places , like cozumel , where you can enjoy a truly all - inclusive family vacation .
a total nightmare !
i have stayed and enjoyed melia resorts in varadero , playa conchal , cancun , and cabo san lucas .
my family and i had always been pleased with the level of service and quality at each of these locations until we went to the caribe tropical . we had decided , along with two other couples , to stay at the melia caribe tropical afetr a stay next door at the paradisus and booked the rooms directly on their website in january .
when we arrived at the melia caribe , we were informed by the front desk that they were going to send us to an ??pgraded? ? room at their property on the golf course located across the road but in fact was at least 4 km from the beach .
i immediately refused and stated that i had reserved with my credit card and since i don?? golf , i wanted to stay in the property for which i reserved .
the front desk staff then informed us that this was my only choice and that everything else was solidly booked .
i then requested to speak with a manager and the reception manager met with us and explained that the golf facilities are part of the hotel and that it isn?? far from the beach and it?? an ??pgraded? ? room from what we were going to get .
we really weren?? happy about this but didn?? want this to ruin our otherwise great experience at the paradisus so we relented and agreed to go over and take a look .
the front desk then took my credit card and ??hecked us in? ? to the hotel and they then sent us over to the golf suites . unfortunately , this is where our nightmare begins .
as we arrived there , i immediately realized that this was not part of the hotel .
in fact , we had to ??heck in? ? again at the golf suites hotel which had nothing to do with the melia caribe .
worst yet and to our horror , the staff explained that we now had to share the condo with another couple and decide who would take the 1 room with a double bed and who would take the room with 2 single beds !
i couldn?? believe that we were lied to and immediately demanded to be taken back to the melia caribe .
again , back at the melia caribe , i asked to speak with the hotel manager instead of the front desk manager and was told that nobody other than sergio was available .
i explained to the front desk attendant that the facilities next door are not an ??pgrade? ? and
asked to go back to the paradisus .
he then boldly told me that the paradisus is also over - booked and that if i didn?? take the location at the golf suites , they would give it to someone else and my wife and i could sleep on the floor of the hotel !
i then asked if i could use the internet to perhaps find another hotel in punta cana that could accommodate us .
they didn?? want to allow us at first but then sergio ushered us into an office so i could check for another location .
there was no availability in the vicinity so i asked if sergio could call but he explained to me that they don?? really speak with other chains and really had no other way of accommodating us so the condo at the golf suites was our only alternative .
again , we always felt that nobody ever wanted to help us and that we were on our own to fend for ourselves . i could not believe that they can call the golf suites an ??pgrade? ?
the condo was an old simple location with cheap furniture and 2 small rooms ? ?1 with a double bed and the other with 2 single beds .
it was not clean , the bathroom shower would go from hot to cold and you couldn?? control the temperature , and the hotel was quick to tell us that nothing was included except for a ??ontinental? ? breakfast in the morning .
i asked the front desk how much they charge for the condo and they told me $170.00us .
so now , the melia caribe is charging me $443.00us and the other couple $443.00us per night so the hotel is making $846.00
per night for a condo that costs $170.00!
this is utterly unethical and i can?? believe that would rip - off and treat people this way .
once we returned home , i sent a letter to their head office in spain only to receive a notice from the general director in punta cana that i should have known that they were overbooked !
i guess now guests should know in advance that a hotel chain is incompetent as to overbook and then gouge the porr guests . if you 're lucky to not get bumped out of a room and do not mind the massive property to get around , then this hotel may be right for you .
i can ceratinly say that i will never stay at another one of their properties agai .
worst vacation ever ! !
where do i start ! we had planned this trip to be a trip of a lifetime .
we were having other family members meet us from england and arizona .
we had previously been to punta cana and stayed at the iberostar , which was wonderful , we thought that paying more for a five star resort would ensure better service and a more enjoyable trip .
we were apparently very , very wrong . when we arrived at the hotel , they had trouble finding our names in the computer , when they finally did , they told us we had a special check in and told us to go accross the lobby to the guest service desk .
we dragged our kids over there only to be told after he pulled up our name , that we did not have any special check in and he told us to go back over to the front desk to be checked in .
after we finally got our room keys , we were told to take the train to our room and they would bring our bags to us .
we walked towards the train and were accosted by one of the hundreds of time share salesmen , who dragged us to one side in hopes of selling us a time share , we told him we were not interested , but these people do not listen to the first , second or third no . . . and they harrassed us throughout our trip , every day , every time you had to leave the breakfast area , or go to the lobby or just walk to the beach , they bothered you daily . when we finally arrived at our room , it was not the room we had booked .
my husband called to complain , only to be told that there was nothing they could do , they were booked .
my husband had to talk to several people before they miraculously found another room , which would ( they told us ) be ready by the next day at noon , the next day we called and they had no information on us moving rooms .
my husband luckily remembered the persons name and we managed to find her , she then told us that the room was not ready and that it should be ready by 2pm , again we waited at 2pm and again the room was not ready .
finally after some screaming they moved us to the room we should have had in the first place at almost 5pm the next day ! the main problem with this resort is the reservation system for the restaurants , they have wonderful restaurants at this hotel , unfortunately unless you are paying for royal service and have your own butler and concierge ( they have dibs on the restaurants they want first ) , you do not get to eat in them unless you want to do so at 10pm , did i mention we were traveling with our 4 kids the youngest of which is 4.
you cannot make reservations at the restaurants for your entire vacation , you can only make them a day before , so their phone lines open up at 9am and they take reservations for the next day .
the problem is you ca not get through , we once spent 3 hours in our room trying to get through .
for our last night , i tried to get into a different restaurant , we were only able to visit 4 of the 13 that the hotel offers and we were there for 14 days !
i finally had to ask the guest services person to try to get through for me , the phone line was either busy or just rang for hours .
they got through and made a reservation for us for 6pm for our last dinner , at the american grill , when we arrived at 6pm they told us we were not on their list , while i was trying to explain the the man on the desk that we had made the reservation , he started to yell at me , i mean he got up in my face and started to scream at me ( while my 4 kids had to stand and watch this happen ) i was so upset , it took me about an hour to stop crying .
unfortunately , the horror did not end here . the day we were leaving , check out is at 12 noon , we called to have our bags picked up at 11am , they said they would be with us in a couple of minutes . . . . . an hour later they still had not come for the bags so we had to drag 6 duffle bags almost 1 mile from our room to the lobby in 85 degree heat , all the while being passed by the delightful men from the time share area in their golf carts , not once did one stop and ask if we needed help !
its amazing how all of a sudden when they know you 're leaving they suddenly do not need you any more . i do love punta cana and i am sure at some point we will go back , but it certainly wo not ever be to this resort .
i was extremely dissapointed .
worst vacation ever ! ! ! ! ! !
this resort is highly over rated .
4 star is a joke , it 's not even a 1 star .
service stinks .
roaches roam your rooms .
communication is poor unless you speak spanish .
mildew everywhere .
bathrooms in your room not cleaned or supplied properly .
had to steal a roll of toilet paper from the pool side bathroom .
we called for toilet paper and got room service with food and a newspaper ! ! ! walkways are very slippery when wet or raining .
several people fell at the restuarants where water splashes out of fountains on the floors .
resort is way too large and spread out .
someone had a pair of slacks stolen from his room . beaches are covered with sea weed . i also believe that if you were to become ill there you would really suffer and if it was a heart attack or stroke you might even die . they do not understand english ! ! ! !
very disappointing - just too big !
we stayed at mct during tropical storm noel - it rained solidly which is not a good start .
this resort is huge .
none of the beach/pool bars near the rooms stay open after 7pm so to get food and drink you must travel up to the reception area which tis 13 minutes walking or you can get the train if it is not full .
bothare pretty miserable when it is pouring with rain .
forget getting dressed up if you are going to be soaked when you arrive .
to play golf you have to leave your room an hour before your tee time as it takes 15 minutes to get to reception ( possibly longer if the train is not nearby ) and then there is a resort bus which only runs once an hour to the golf course .
the first time we waited an hour but it still did not come and then the next day when we tried again , on arrival at the golf club we were told we needed to have brought vouchers from the hotel - do not pass go do not collect 200. . . nowhere was this explained to us even when we were booking tee times and 2 of the 3 groups on the bus had likewise made the same mistake , the other having made it the previous day . . . .
the activities were pretty much nonexistent even before the rain as it was low season and they did not even publish a sheet of daily activites and the club room was mostly closed .
the golf course also closed due to flooding so there was not a lot going on , we were glad to get out and go to sunscape the beach which was more our scene .
relaxing and sunny , but will not go back , rude staff ! ! ! ! ! ! airport : expect to walk out of the plane and onto the runway strip .
once you walk into the airport there are people that will stop you to take a picture .
you can purchase these pictures at the end of your stay in dr upon departure .
you have to pay $10 for entering dr .
the line is very long for customs .
we had a rude pickup transportation driver .
this was the beginning of our bad trip . . . upon arriving melia , at check in there is a little posting with prices of upgrade for royal service and regular room rates .
my friend and i decided to upgrade and skip all excursions .
upgrading is well worth the money for an extra $30/night .
we were told that they 'll be a butler driving us to our restaurant every night and to the beach .
the only service we got was housekeeping and benjamin driving us back and forth whenever we saw him at the beach .
housekeeping and benjamin was the best service we received at melia besides the waiter at the french restaurant because we tipped the guy ! !restaurant : hokkaido was good , it is a japanese hibachi grill restaurant but on my first night at melia the clock in our room was slow by an hr , without realizing this , the host at hokkaido was not willing to accommodate my friend and i because she said we were late for our reservations and she was very rude .
i mentioned this to the vip royal service desk and they were not nice about it .
she just brushed us off ! ! !
we were forced to go to gabi restaurant at the royal service and was bitten up with lots of mosquito bites ! !
the american grill was good and so was the french restaurant .
we didnt get a chance to try any other restaurants on the property . the lunch at the royal service side was by far much better than the tropical buffet .
pool : there 's always available lounge chairs at the royal service pool area and never crowded in the pool .
we did get a chance to walk over to the other pool .
it 's much larger with more people around the pool .
bring lots of sunscreen . beach : the beach was pretty clean with the exceptions of occasional seaweed .
i did see the people cleaning this up one afternoon .
there 's always security walking around the beach area .
and like the royal service pool area , the royal service beach wasnt so crowded .
the water is clear and strong waves .
even though we upgraded to royal service , we had a regular room that was only around the corner from the royal service pool and gabi restaurant .
the service sucks here ! ! !
the hotel servers/waiters will either be really nice to you or ignore you completely .
i think some of them are racist .
there was one couple sitting next to us one morning and the waiter refilled their cup of coffee and walked away ignoring our request for refill .
the waiters at night is much more nice than the daytime staff .
the vip lounge has free internet , books to read , coffee/tea/drinks and snacks through the morning and night . spa : i couldnt find the spa at melia .
the property is so huge that i spent an hour walking around looking for it .
there are two spa at this resort i booked a aromatherapy massage .
it was ok but she spent most of the time lightly rubbing my back .
i can tell you this for sure , ny spas are much more experienced ! !overall the resort was relaxing , weather was nice and food was good .
we didnt get sick but do be careful , we did hear several guest getting sick during their stay .
i would not recommend this resort to any friends unless you want a quick getaway from the city life and hang out at a resort .
the staff and dominicans are rude ! ! !
no offense to some of you out there .
i would return to this hotel if there 's a deal .
this is my first and last time i would go to dr .
i understand why some of my friends refuses to visit dr after one trip .
beware of flies and mosquitoes .
there are lots of them all around ! ! ! !
this hotel is a piece of crap .
the food is awful , the rooms worn out , the beach and pools are sooooo far away from most of the bungalows that you end up just not going , the ambience terrible , and the staff not very helpful , to say something .
go somewhere else , trust me , this property sucks .
never again ! !
this was the worst trip of my life !
i learned from this resort that big resorts are not for me . . . but to each his own .
i was there for two weeks and i could not wait to get back out of it .
out of 14 days we had to call for towels 10 of them , and not only once !
one day we called 3 times before finally getting the towels .
the rooms were nice and roomy . . . but it 's the first time i had experiences with bugs !
the airconditioning does not work very well and the televisions definitely need to be replaced . . . the picture is terrible ! i hate bugs and i was stressed to the max by the time the trip was over .
every single day there was something from tiny , tiny bugs ( the bathroom counter was covered one day ) crickets , cockroaches ( twice ) , ants and even a frog one night .
the door does not seal very well so i am assuming that is how they were getting in .
every night i use to put a towel over the drain in the bathroom floor , the drain in the tub and one across the bottom of the door . . . but it still did not help .
i was ready to come home about the 8th day when i opened the closet door and a cockroach came running out !
the best sleep i use to get was in the evening when my husband would be awake and i could take a nap or on the beach .
other than that i was up all night long .
one night i woke and seen a shadow crawling up the wall . . . so of course i screamed at my husband and when he switched on the lights it was a frog !
the service in general was poor and i think it is mainly due to the size of the resort . . . the staff have so much area to cover that it takes forever to get things done . . . if it gets done . this is also the first resort i have been at that the timeshare people are everywhere and they do not leave you alone .
you ca not leave your room without one of them approaching you .
they have stands set up at the entrance to the buffets and the lobbies . . . and they are strolling around by the pools .
you are pestered to death at this resort .
the food was not too bad . .but it did get kind of tiring by the end of the 1st week .
we ate mostly at the american grill and the buffet . the chinese was the worst thing i have ever tasted .
it 's not what i am use to calling chinese food .
the american grill is really good because you can get a steak , but do not expect to get the side order of your choice .
the side orders are pretty much laid out for you . i completed a comment card at this resort upon my leaving and pretty much said what i have said here but to this day i have heard from nobody in customer service . this is a beautiful resort and well kept . . . but that 's not enough to make a vacation !
please do not go ! !
call your travel agent immediately ! ! first of all i??e stayed in many dr resorts ( riu palace , caribe club princess twice , palladium bavaro twice , sunscape punta cana grande , ifa villas bavaro etc .
i even stayed the week before at a wonderful 4 star resort in mexico before traveling to the dr .
my resort choices over the years range in their ratings from 3 stars to 6 stars .
i have also visited all - inclusives all over the caribbean .
i??e been faithful to apple vacations because their apple ratings are usually accurate and our experiences in the resorts have been relatively flawless and enjoyable .
something usually isn?? perfect but we take the bad and are able to make the best of it in most cases .
i always write a review and this review will be the first negative trip review for me .
i stayed at the melia caribe tropical several years ago and had a pretty flawless stay .
i hated the beach restaurants at that time but was able to find great buffets and restaurants in other areas of the resorts .
i also read the other reviews regarding this resort on tripadvisor and chalked poor reviews up to picky patrons who couldn?? be satisfied anywhere .
please reread those negative reviews .
i was wrong .
if you have not taken your vacation yet , please call your travel agent right away ! ! and change resorts .
we traveled to this alleged five star resort on july 6, 2007.
the good1.
check in - surprisingly and contrary to other reviews , they allowed us to check in early right upon arrival .
2. resort appearance - the resort looks great in pictures and in person .
the greenery , buildings , lobby and beach are still great to look at .
now for the very bad 1. extremely aggressive timeshare people in yellow shirts harass you in the lobby on the train , in the restaurants , on the beach .
they are everywhere and are a nuisance from the moment that you walk through the lobby .
we hated them and the last thing we wanted to do was buy a timeshare in that awful resort .
2. the room - the jr . suite that we received looked nothing like the internet pics and did not resemble the nicer room that i had last time .
i did see rooms like i had before but we weren?? placed in one for some reason .
the furniture was somewhat worn and had a butlers pantry instead of a seating area .
i noticed little black bugs on the counters and in the bathroom but i attributed them to the fresh flowers and threw them out .
we were never able to get rid of the bugs during our stay .
they resembled ants but were smaller .
3. lack of food - they tell you to call the reservation hotline to reserve ala carte restaurants for the current day and the following day .
they forgot to say that no one ever answers that hotline .
it rings repeatedly , stays busy or when they do answer , they say ??e are all booked up . ? ? ??lease call back later to check for cancellations or book for the next day . ? ? after calling many times , we were unable to book a restaurant for our arrival day or the next day .
we gave up and went to the beach .
we tried the beach grill but there were few choices and lots of greasy snack bar foods .
plain pans of rice with a few carrots .
plain pans of fish , chicken or pork .
desserts were limited out there and it was hot in that beach grill .
the tables have no linen table cloths and your dishes will pile up because service is poor to non - existent in there .
i mistakenly reassured my husband that they had other restaurants that i enjoyed last time .
in the morning , they didn?? even have pans of scrambled eggs , pancakes or waffles .
isn?? that standard ? .
the omelet line is so long in the morning , you wouldn?? want an egg . 4. poor service - after spending a pretty great first day on the beach , we returned to our room only to find that we had no water coming into the bathtub/shower .
we called the desk for assistance but no one came after waiting for about 1 hour .
still no answer on that reservation hotline either .
we took off in search of restaurants .
we saw beautiful ala cartes with well dressed people who seemed satisfied but we found no buffets .
we saw signs for the buffets and looked on our resort map but still found no buffets .
finally we were informed that they have torn all of the buffet restaurants down and we discovered lots of construction .
finally we went to the front desk to again complain about the water/food issues .
we were tired , dirty and simply needed food .
surely they could have secured a restaurant reservation for us .
those restaurants were not full .
we were simply given the hotline number again and were told that the buffets from the past no longer existed .
the signs were wrong .
to make matters worse i detected an attitude from the lady at the front desk instead of sympathy .
the only place to eat is that awful , hot beach grill if you are unable to secure a reservation .
that grill would be used for all meals .
having no choice , we walked back to the beach grill to head off starvation . 5.
the room shower was repaired finally but still had very little water pressure .
the next morning i tried the restaurant hotline again and managed to get a voice .
everything was booked for our second day already .
it was only 9:05 am !
the thought of another day in that beach grill sickened me .
we were able to book a reservation for the japanese restaurant on the third day , however , we were told that we would have to stop what were doing in the middle of the day and pick up a ticket at the restaurant or we would not be admitted .
we were also told that we could call back to check on restaurant cancellations after 2:30 p . m . 6.
we then noticed water all over the floor of the bathroom on the second day .
the toilet had suddenly sprung a leak .
i was also beginning to experience flu/viral symptoms that would plague me for the remainder of the week .
i could have contracted the illness on the plane but you never know .
i was able to live with the symptoms all week but it definitely put a damper on some activities .
7. spending the vacation on the phone dialing a hotline morning , afternoon and night and walking to various restaurants to pick up tickets was not how i planned to spend my week .
i also refused to watch hundreds of people enjoying the very upscale ala cartes while i stayed in the beach grill .
i lost all sense of calm and headed to the lobby to find the apple vacations rep who normally is stationed in the lobby of the hotel .
we found that he would be off for a couple of days .
i then went to guest services and requested that apple vacations be called .
they finally assisted me by making this call .
a rep arrived 20 minutes later and we pleaded with him to be moved from that property .
thank goodness , we were sent to the lovely palladium grand bavaro resort .
we had to pay an extra $67 and cab fare to move and make the accommodations equal but it was worth it .
the nightmare of the melia caribe tropical was completely forgotten when we were able to actually enjoy a great beach , hotel room and eat wonderful foods including normal breakfast choices , chilled wines , salmon , caviar and sushi in a variety of super air conditioned restaurants at the beautiful palladium for the remainder of our vacation .
what a 360 degree turn !
i dealt with the illness and still am thankful that we were able to turn this vacation around with a resort move .
other very bad things1 - the resort was huge which requires the use of trams for the patrons .
the melia also allows numerous employees to ride through the resorts on trucks , motor bikes , golf carts etc .
i grew weary of constantly stepping aside for the excessive traffic that existed .
our other resort was equally as large and did not allow all of that traffic .
2. hotel patrons who have purchased the royal service option have a lock on the restaurant reservations .
they even have butlers who make their reservations , special restaurants , vip clubs and private beach .
hotel literature clearly indicates that royal service patrons have preferential treatment and are given restaurant reservations first .
we assumed that these guests were the happy , well dressed patrons who were actually able to enjoy the resort .
the melia has completely forgotten its average client who would not pay or be able to afford additional hundreds for royal service .
i will never deal with a resort who provides services based upon class and status .
while they strive to be six star with rich amenities , we can remember 3 star resorts that outperformed this place in all areas .
we give the melia no stars for our stay .
i will return to the dominican republic next year but i will never stay in a melia resort again .
go elswhere unless you love loud music and the nyc subway system the biggest problem with this resort is its size .
the grounds are gorgeous but getting around is a big hassle requiring waiting in the hot sun for trams .
in fact sometimes it is necessary to transfer from one tram to another to get to where you want reminding me of using the nyc subway system .
the place is generally chaotic and confusing .
making reservations for a restaurant is a nightmare .
the foods is ok . check in and check out was an abomination causing us to almost miss our transportation back to the airport .
if booking a package by - pass the prepaid transfers .
they require waiting in long lines and then spending time sitting on a bus going from hotel to hotel .
it 's faster to take a taxi for $25.
i stayed in the royal service area which is well worth the extra money .
the rooms are beautiful .
rooms in the rest of the hotel are dumps . service is poor although the staff is friendly enough .
housekeeping can be sporadic . i
only received turn down service twice during my eight day stay .
one person in my party received no housekeeping service one day .
another in my party had flooding in her room from the rain , and another a stuffed drain that required two trips to fix and was only finally fixed after it flooded the room below .
finally if you love loud obnoxious music this is the place for you .
forget taking a nap .
the music pounds everywhere 18 hours a day .
nightmare in melia we just go back from melia caribe tropical in punta cana and what a nightmare it was .
i 'll start with the positive .
the weather was beautiful , the beach and pools are gorgeous and very clean , and the activity men on the beach that give dance lessons and do areobic exercises were very friendly , nice , and fun .
other than that our vacation was awful .
for the most part the food is edible , but not good and it made the majority of my family sick .
it is almost impossible to get dinner reservations .
they allow you to call between9-11pm the night before and 2-4 pm the day of and no matter what timeyou call , everything is booked .
we were a party of 9, but i always made it clear that we can be split into parties of 2, and it was still difficult .
by 9:15 pm ( it took 15 minutes to get through with all the busy signals ) everything was booked .
so i would have to leave the beach everyday and walk back to my room to call at 2 pm hoping for a cancellation .
i later found out from my tour guide that they hold x amount of tables for people staying on the royal service side and they do not book all of the tables in each restaurant for lack of waiters .
one woman i spoke to told me she gave the reservation guy $50 and he got her into the japanese restaurant for the following day .
the japanese restuarant is the most popular and difficult to get into because the food is that good .
but when i askedthe guy if i could reserve japanese for the following night , he told me the computer does not allow him to .
so this resort is run on money and lies .
my room never had maid service before 7 pm .
so there were no towels to shower with to get to dinner .
we had to call the front desk and argue to get towels .
they would finally arrive after about 40 minutes and the maid would get to our room after we left for dinner .
i later found out that my sister - in - law would hand the maid $5 each morning and she was given an endless supply of towels and had her room made up early every morning .
also , you should know that men need to wear closed toed shoes and collared shirts to get into all of the restaurants or they will not be served .
my dad and brothers learned this the hard way .
it cost $10per person to get into the country and $20 per person to get out .
find out if your travel agent covers this .
overall , this resort was more concerned with its rules then customer satisfaction .
it is a huge resort with a lot of walking .
they have a train service , but it runs every 20 minutes and follows a specific route , so i noticed it 's quicker to walk .
i complained to one of the guest service men about all of the walking from my room to both lobbies and he told me that i knew it was a big resort so i should not have come .
these people are extremely rude and unaccommodating and lack decent communication skills .
be prepared for a major run around .
i would advise you not to vacation to this resort if you 're looking for something relaxing and enjoyable .
never go - i 'm serious .
this is not some complaint about weak drinks or moldy hotel rooms .
it has taken me over a year to have the stomach to write this review . long story short , within 48 hours of arriving at the hotel , my husband asked me to call a doctor .
fortunately i speak spanish , because most of the staff speaks minimal english - which is fine , until your husband thinks he 's dying he 's in so much pain .
he was hospitalized for 2 days and on an iv .
the doctor explained to me thathis e coli was a common problem for tourists , as many of the wait staff does not wash their hands after using the restroom - seriously . when we got back to the hotel and were deciding how to get home , i got sick .
i was too sick to even be taken out by ambulance or helicoper .
the hotel literally had to place a nurse in my room 24 hrsa day to change my iv until 4 days later when i was well enough to fly home .
our hospital and medical bills totalled around $3000.00.
trip insurance did not cover the trip because we had use of our room ( since i could not leave ) the entire time .
when i called the hotel to speak to my doctor the week after , the staff explained that the entire medical staff had been terminated over the weekend and that i could not access my medical records , which i needed to process my insurance claim . i know this sounds unbelievable .
do not go , and do not expectthe hotel chain to care if you become ill due to their food preparation .
never again we just returned from a 9 day stay at the sol melia caribe tropical with our 4 children and a nanny . we rented 2 'suites ' in the family section because you ca not be near the beach or the 'family section if you book royal service which they did not tell us until we got there .
we spent over an hour and a half rearranging our rooms and giving up the royal service so we could be next to our kids and the beach .
the rooms are very run down , dirty and old .
the maids could not seem to find king size sheets for our bed and pillows and would put standard or queen on instead so our pillow cases were to short for the pillows and the sheets covered only half of the bed .
we would be partly on the exposed mattress .
yuck ! !there was constant leaking from the bathrooms on the 2nd floor into our bathroom which was gross .
i had to call everyday at least 2 times to get towels for all of us to use to shower and clean up , and there are ants and other creatures in the rooms as well . do not go expecting to have a lot to do on the beach as the website leads you to believe .
very few water sports are inclusive and the ones that are , the paddle boats (3 of them ) , the wind surfers (3 of them ) and the sail boats (2 of them ) are very , very old and run down .
this is a very large resort so you have to make a reservation and you may not get to use any of this equipment till the next day .
you have to pay for the banana boats .
there is a slide you have to pay for too . that 's it .
needless to say , our 12 and 14 years olds were bored by the 2nd day .
we had previously gone to a beaches resort in jamaica and this resort paled in comparison ! there is only one location to get towels for the beach and the pools and it is far to walk to and they only give you one per person so you ca not just get then for your whole family .
a few times i went to trade in used towels for new and they did not even have any .
crazy . this resort is huge .
the lobby , the restaurants and all the evening entertainment is a 15 min walk from the rooms or you can take a train which is still 15 min after you have waited at the stop to get a ride . all the staff there , from the people at check in to the bartenders are very unfriendly .
it was like we were putting them out by asking for something . the dress code for dinner in the restaurants is very misleading .
my husband wore slacks , a collared shirt and closed toe sandals and we were all turned away because of his 'shoes '.
i looked in and there was a man in the same restaurant wearing jeans and tennis shoes and a ball cap eating dinner with his family . the one good thing we can say is that the food in the restaurants was all very good .
we did enjoy those . all in all , that was our 2nd time at a sol melia resort and we will never go to any sol melia resort again .
not what we were looking for !
the resort was well kept and clean but there were a lot of negatives about this resort .
please take this seriously as we were very disappointed .
the check in took over an hour .
they did not seem to be in any hurry to get you checked in .
we had to wait for over an hour after check in b/c our room was not ready .
2. ) we got there too late the first night so we were made to eat the buffet .
buffets are bad and this one was no exception .
the next night we got reservations but the times are limited .
5 or 10 pm .
all of the places are not full they just do not want you to get a time slot b/c they would rather you eat at the buffet .
the food selections when you got a reservation was extremely poor .
reservation times are 9-11pm the night before .
you are supposed to relax on vacation not stress out about the thought of eating at the buffet if you do not call right at 9pm the night before .
there were 6 of us that stayed here and all of us were ill at some point throughout the week .
during the lunch buffet had to eat plain pasta and popcorn b/c all the other food was exposed to flies that were crawling all over the food .
the food was not high quality .
milk at breakfast was not refrigerated - it was sitting out in pitchers .
at dinner a choice would be ? fish ? ?
even tell you what kind of fish it is .
the entire dining experience was not pleasant .
3. ) drink selection ?
forget it .
they had one kind of beer .
all fruity drinks were made from concentrate .
forget about fresh oj .
no cranberry .
they had liquor but then all the mixers were horrible .
we were purchasing drinks at the golf course and bringing them back to our rooms .
not what you expect for all inclusive .4. )
the concrete/rock paths that they paint with yellow high gloss paint are very slippery , especially by the pools .
i slipped on the 2nd day and split open my knee and had a bruise on my elbow the size of a softball .
i heard of multiple other guests that experienced the same thing .
one woman sprained her wrist .
please take this seriously - i wish i had believed the bad reviews prior to our vacation .
i talked with another couple and they recommended the excellence .
spend the money as it would be worth it .
better food , better selections !
punta ratta in a paragraph or two the title will become obvious : i was reluctant to post such a bad review , but my friends urged me to do so with the hope of saving others from the misfortunes that befell my family .
the first night consisted of minor inconveniences , i . e . the toilet in our room did not work and there was only one bed in the room my teenagers were in so my six foot three son ( the younger one ) slept on the couch .
he woke up with insect bites all over his body .
the next night after a day in the sun and mediocre food we returned to the room to sleep .
at about one o 'clock am i was awakened to the screams of my wife .
there was a rat on her arm in bed !
she flung it off and i chased it into the closet .
housekeeping sent someone up with a towel to catch it , but he was gone into a crevice behind the closet .
all night we could hear him clawing at the glass door .
the next morning we were moved to two new suites with a complimentary fruit and cheese plate and some wine and with the assurance that we would be taken care of before we left . .
with ten minutes to go to catch the shuttle to the airport they wanted me to sign a paper saying we would take one free night in return for our  inconvience .
the manager , a teutonic gentleman , said ,  you come to the dominican republic and you do not expect to see rats ?
i replied , not in my room , on my wife 's arm , i do not . when i told him i saw three others he said that was because i was looking for them .
we declined the offer .
my travel agent on long island said she would never send anyone there .
she got them to up there offer to three nights , room only , no meals .
i said forget it .
i will never stay at a sol melia property again .
such callous disregard for guests is something i could never tolerate .
i am a world traveler , not a complainer .
the food was mediocre , as i mentioned with pork chops as a prime example served three different ways depending on the restaurant .
french with cream sauce ; italian with tomato sauce ; and mexican with tomato sauce and peppers .
there was such a lack of imagination .
you may think this story was horrible enough , but it is not over .
we had jewelry and perfumes stolen from our luggage at the airport and were sold counterfeit cigars that were worthless . punta ratta , at sol melia tropical was the trip from hell ! ! !
would not go back my trip to punta cana quickly went bad when my 11:30am flight was cancelled due to mechanical problems out of new york .
the next available flight was not until the next day at 6:00am .
while my main gripe is with the airline , the melia caribe tropical saw it fit to charge us for our missed day and then have the nerve to make us wait for three hours once we finally arrived .
while i do understand it is not the resort 's problem that our flight was cancelled , there is no reason why our room that we were being charged the night before , should not have been ready .
stay away at all costs i stayed here with my husband and another couple for new years ' 2006, but i 'm just getting around to writing this review now .
i wish i had read a review like this when researching for a spot , would have been a god send to skip this place .
yes , the resort is physically attractive , nice grounds , rooms , etc , but it 's too huge , there 's a trolley to take people back and forth from restaurants , rooms , beach , etc .
and the rooms are nice too , but that 's where the compliments end .
first , there is no service , it 's non - existent , you ask for towels or for anything , no one shows up until 4 hours later if they show up at all .
next , mgmt sucks , if you ask for a mgr or supervisor to discuss a problem or issue , they say not available or the mgr is just as useless as the person behind the counter .
and do not try greasing any palms for better service , we tried and they just took the money and did not do anything for us .
next , the buffet is disgusting , almost inedible .
then there are like 10 restaurants with different cuisine , all need reservations , but you can only reserve that morning for the same night , so unless you wake up at 7a , you get locked out of the only 2 good restos .
the beach sand is like an ashtray , and the water brown and murky .
you 're bascially stuff in this strange , cheesy all - inclusive world where the only thing to do is drink sugary cocktails .
the pool scene is full of fat americans and their loud , fat children .
i 'm pretty laid back and up for anything , but this place totally disappointed .
i would never return , and i think will never do all - inclusive again , anywhere .
the dr is such a beautiful island , it 's a shame to waste your time and money on this crappy place .
left too soon our stay at this hotel was cut short because of my slipping and falling on the side of the pool .
i had to travel home in a medical jet for surgery in the us .
anyone else finding the same please write a review here .
awful service ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i just got back from punta cana , we stayed at this hotel and the service . . . . .well , there is none ! we arrived on a bus from santo domingo ( the capital ) the ride was great , nice bus .
i told the driver that we were staying at the melia caribe , he said no problem we 'll stop at the entrance of that hotel .
so he did , we got off the bus right at the entrance of the melia complex where you can find the melia caribe tropical and the paradisus palma real .
we asked the guard to please have someone come to pick us up to take us to the lobby , it was a ten minutes walk , it was 2 p . m ( very hot ) and we had our lugagge with us .
to this request he replied that they do not do that .
i was shoked ! ! !
he told us to call a taxi to take us in from the entrance to the lobby , i asked him to call the reception desk to confirm that we could not be helped , and sure enough they said . . . take a taxi .
the guard then said that if we were paying extra for the premium service or if we had been staying at the paradisus palma real that they would had come to pick us up .
great ! ! !
i came all the way to the dr and paid this hotel to remind me that i am not special during my vacation stay because i am paying the regular rate instead of the upgraded ? what
the guard called a taxi , the taxi driver found the ride so ridiculus that he did 't charged us ( we gave him the fare anyway us$5.00)
this was the first day of our vacation , to say the least , not very relaxing and enjoyable .
the hotel was o . k . ( i 've been in better ) the food was mediocre , and did i mention the service ?
really bad ! ! ! ! !
we stayaed for four days and i found 3 cocoroaches in my bedroom .
you 'll say . . . it 's the caribbean , it 's normal .
i can qualify myself as a caribbean expert , i have traveled to almost every single island of the region and i can excuse one cocoroach one day , but 3 out of the 4 days ! ! ! !
i do not even want to imagine their kitchen area ! ! ! yuk .
to me the overall experience was terrible , i think that for the money i could of done better in jamaica , cozumel , playa del carmen or cancun .
as a matter of fact . . . i am done with punta cana , pretty beaches but the service it 's not there .
stay away i ca not say enough bad things about this resort .
they treat americans like 2nd class citizens , no one at the resort speaks enough english to help you .
were told they offer classes on thursday mornings to learn english - but no employees ever show up for the 2 hr .
i noticed that anyone looking to sell you anything ( jewlery/time shares , etc ) conveniently speak english . because of the language barrierm , we had problems ordering drinks , ( they would just walk away from you ) getting locked out of our rooms because they re - configured the keys - took my husband 20 minutes at the front desk to get them to understand what he was saying .
upgraded to royal service ( what a joke ) because i heard dinner reservations were impossible to get if you did not - unless you wanted the 5pm or 10pm seating .
even with this service we were not able to get reservations for our requested restaurants .
flies all over the food bars - absolutely disgusting .
was told with the royal service we would have a butler at our service - called 3 times but was hung up on because they did not speak english  could not understand us .
told the maid to please not come to clean the rooms at 4pm because that was the time we were showering , etc .
she must have thought we said do not clean the rooms at all because we did not see her for the next 2 days . the lobby gift shop tried to rip us off - told my husband $50 for a sweatshirt - told me $56 for the exact one - when questioned them , they said it was just an error .
my both daughters saw the cashier puttig some money into the register  some into their pocksts , went to royal service rep to complain ( who once again - could not understand me because i did not speak spanish - very convenient ) later found out the sweatshirt was really $44 american dollars .
tried to saw they have no control over the gift shop - even thought it 's in their lobby . three out of 4 of us got sick - i ended up in the hospital severely dehydrated - we were extremely careful only to drink bottled water , including brushing our teeth with it - ate no uncooked food , but was told by the doctor at the hospital that this certain parasite is rampant in pool water .
so i basically paid $6,000 to get sick  be treated horribly ! ! ! !on my travel agent 's advice , i wrote to the melia management to complain - and surprise , surprise , they responded in spanish , so i have no clue what they said . i feel you have no business advertising your resort to americans , unless you specify that speaking spanish is a must at this resort . my travel agent suggested my staying at secrets instead - i only wish i had listened to her .
worst hotel ever ! ! bad , bad , bad . . . sooooo bad . . . too much to write . . . soooooo bad . . . place is huge , hot , and the service was , well there was no service . . . if you are american they laugh at you and lie .
do not go here !
you will get sick from the food too !
camera  i was there the week of july 4th . the grounds to the hotel were beautiful and only the a la carte restaurants were tolerable .
everything else was mediocre at best .
more importantly they are staffed by thieves , they watch you and wait for the right time to steel , and as mentioned in another review it seems like the security staff is in on it .
in my case they said it was the guest at the hotel that were the thieves .
yeah right ! ! ! and of course nothing has been done .
they stole my $500 camera and since the safe in my room did not work . . . conveniently . . . my husband hid his wallet at the bottom of one of our very packed up drawers .
there was $300 dollars in the wallet when we went to the pool , when we returned there was only $ 100 they also did nothing about this .
i lost every single memory i had of a $5,000 dollar vacation ( mostly of my kids ) i am still not sure what hurt more the camera or the pictures .
i have no intention of ever going back to punta or anywhere in the dominican republic and the sad thing is that i was born there . i did not think i would give this type of review but if you are going here go to the bahia principe or any other high end chain that is not melia .
a terrible experience the worst nightmare i 've ever lived .
my wife got a severe food poison for which we 've spent 3 nights in a hospital in punta cana .
you 'll probably say was just our bad luck but then why the hospital was full with ppl with the same problem and most of them from the same resort ( melia caribe tropical ) ?service is bad too and very few exceptions did not change the overall impression .
at the end a group of ppl from th hospital we 've decided to send a formal letter through a lawyer to general manager of the melia caribe /tropical .
disgusting flies this will be the most honest review you will ever get .
there were flies everywhere .
at the buffets the flies were landing all over the foods .
the birds were picking at the food .
this was the most disgusting thing i have ever seen .
if you want to eat at a restaurant you need to wake up at 7 am in order to make reservations .
if you happen to be 5 minutes late to the restaurant , especially the japanese , they refuse to serve you .
your complaints fall on deaf ears .
the management smile and nod their heads but do nothing .
i will never book with any melia resort ever again .
they do not care about their customers .
stay away ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ?cockroaches - in luggage , in the bed , and on the floor in 3 different rooms .
?lizards in room . ?staff -
extremely rude ! ! ! ! ?impossible to get dinner reservations !
?bacterial infection in the intestine , had to go to emergency room !
?spider bite which needed medical attention too?they don?? give you clean towels everyday . ?they
don?? change your sheets?ran out of pool towels .
?lacking games in casino?no nightlife?men do not need to wear slacks to dinner ! !
they will tell you , you need to but you don?? ! ?even for the non motorized water sports , you need to have $$ on you for insurance !
horrendous - never again i have recently been a guest at the melia caribe tropical .
i ca not believe anyone would rate this a 5 star hotel , i would barely give it a 1 starhotel services : four days prior to our arrival i called the hotel directly and confirmed our reservation - one room , two double beds , close to the ocean and pool ( which we had paid extra for ) .
we are three adults , one child and a baby .
they gave us a room with one king size bed .
we had to wait another day before we got a room with two double beds ( which i must say - these beds are made for very small people but not for grown adults ) .
trolly car/train : this is an experience that i?? like to forget completely .
in a place this size they should have a least three trains running at all times .
the wait for the train averaged 20 minutes and since we were the last stop by the time the train got to us it was completely full and we had to wait yet another 20 minutes or start walking? ? and
that would be ok if the lobby was at a reasonable distance .
walking in 100% humidity in 90 degree weather with a two year old is not the best situation .
by the time we got to the lobby we were drenched and exhausted .
restaurants : their system of making reservations is insanely frustrating and completely unacceptable .
in most of the punta cana resorts you have to make reservations if you want to dine at any of the restaurants , which is understandable .
unlike the iberostar and bavaro beach where you can make reservations for the whole week the moment you check in , in this resort you have to wake up at 7:00 a . m . and begin dialing the reservation numbers , which are constantly busy , to make a reservation for the next day .
when i finally got through one day it was 7:20 a . m . and i could no longer get a reservation since they were all booked .
this became increasingly frustrating in our ??ery long? ?11 day stay .
it took me 5 days before i was able to book a reservation and when we got to the restuarant they did not have us down , even though i called earlier in the day to confirm .
we were disgusted beyond belief .
this resort does not have room service so on those nights which we would have loved to have stayed in and not deal with the hassles of the restaurants or that trolley car we had no choice . i know resorts , especially ??ll inclusive? ? resorts , might water down their alcohol .
this establishment took that concept to a whole new level .
we ordered a bottle of wine in one of the restaurants and the waiter poured a glass to everyone at the table .
when i took a sip - it was water? ? not watered down wine but plain and simple water .
they were very apologetic but the harm had been done? ? .talk about getting caught cheating the guest .
pool : it?? great to say that you have 7 pools , but maintaining those pools should be a priority , apparently it 's not to these people .
there was an unusual odor by the pool bar? ? can?? describe it or explain it .
beach : there is no beach service so if you want to drink something you have to walk to the pool bar which would be fine if the bar was close enough - by the time you reached the beach with your drink the ice was melted .
the iberostar and bavaro beach both have beach service as well as the paradisus which is one of the melia 's hotels ) .
thank god this was not my first experience in punta cana otherwise i would never be going back .
luckily i have been a guest at other resorts in punta cana which have been a total pleasure .
will never go back stayed at this hotel with a group of 10 ladies .
within five minutes of waitiing for our room to be ready and sitting in the lounge my purse was lifted .
i 'm pretty sure who took it but when i realized it was gone and went back to question the staff ( we were the only guests in the lounge ) the i do not speak english came in very handy .
the guest services did nothing and said they would check the log book each day and follow up on whether or not it was handed in .
yeh , . . . . .right .
all my cash and visa was in the purse but thank god no passport .
things got worse when one member of our group ended up in hospital on a morphine drip due to some stomach infection .
had been here before and did not have any problems but it has definitely gone downhill .
food was not good and most staff could care less .
i certainly would not go back to the dominican and that was my third time there .
was never ecstatic about this island and never found the food very edible .
but price was good .
there must be better places to visit .
i 'm not a complainer but a trip to this place is something i will not repeat .
if you go . . . . . .keep a close eye on your belongings ! ! ! ! !
never again we just returned from a week at the melia caribe (7/2 - 7/9) with my husband and 4 children ages 14, 17, 18, and 19.
all i can say is if you are looking for a nice relaxing vacation , do not bother staying at the melia caribe .
also if you do not speak spanish , you should take a course before you leave or bring a translation dictionary with you .
i will review the experience from arrival at the airport to departure . . . 1. airport : be prepared to pay a $10 fee for a tourist card for each person upon arrival .
having gone through customs at many international small airports , this was not bad at all .
it took us a little bit of time to figure out how and where we get the transfer bus to the resort .
once we found the tour desk , they ushered us out to the parking lot full of buses and boarded us on a much need large airconditioned bus .
we waited for over 30 minutes until we departed .
2. check - in : after waiting about 20 minutes to check in , we found out that the 3 rooms were in 3 different buildings !
the clerk kept saying that room location was not guaranteed , but come on - - with kids in 2 of the rooms you would think they would get you somewhat close .
after haggling with the manager for over 10 minutes and getting all three rooms in the same building , he assured us that villa #42 was only a few minutes walk to the beach and was a royal suites room that was much nicer than the others ( which it was not ) .
he told us that we would not be able to use any of the royal suites ammenities , though .
well , it was a good 10 minute walk to both the pool and the beach .
this was ridiculous .
finally , after going back to the reception area that evening and complaining , we were booked in villa #36 which is near the pool and beach and moved the following day .
3. room : nice enough , but airconditioner was not working properly - -was stuck on meat locker temperature - -guess that 's better than no airconditioner .
foul odor from bathroom pipes constantly .
electricity would go off periodically throughout the day .
safe was located on very bottom of shelf in closet so you literally had to lay on the floor to see what was in the safe .
maid was nice and did a good job cleaning the room .
remote control never worked and we had problems with our phone on several occasions .
clock radio was constantly blinking 12:00 because the master electricity switch controls everything in the room , so when it is turned off , the clock goes off too .
suggestion : bring your own battery clock .
4. dinner reservation system : unbelieveable how they do this - -you have to call at 7:00a in order to get dinner reservations for the following day .
the line is constantly busy and when you do get through they usually offer you either 6:00 or 9:45- - they hold most of the tables for the royal service guests .
i do not know about you , but when i go on vacation , i do not want to stress about getting up and dialing a phone 20 times to get dinner reservatinos for the following night !5.
restaurants : most are o . k .
least favorite was the chinese restaurant .
the american grill was very loud .
we showed up 20 minutes late to the japanese restaurant and they had cancelled our reservations .
mexican restaurant had the best service and food .
le gourmet was good too .
service was good at most of all the restaurants .
plan to leave your villa at least 15-20 minutes prior to your reservation because it is a long walk if you are staying near the beach or pool area .
forget the train - -at dinner it is always packed and it takes 20 minutes or more to go around the whole resort before getting dropped off at the restaurant area .
we brough a few dollars with us and on several occasions flagged down a golf cart and hitched a ride and gave the guy $2.00 for his trouble .
6. pool : nice and large .
best time to go is the morning between 9:00a and 12:00p .
late afternoon the spanish music is blarring and everyone is getting loud and drunk .
do not take valuables to the pool !
i got $50 stolen from my beach bag when i left it unattended on my chair .
i 'm sure the pool/lawn maintenance guys took it .
they are all around the pool in the early morning .
women , be prepared for cat calls and obscene spanish remarks while walking around the resort .
the resort employees do not hesitate to say what 's on their mind .7.
bar drinks : they do not spare the alcohol .
they do have some top shelf brands - -stoli vodka , absolut vodka , bacardi gold , etc .
they will only use it upon request .
daiquiris are not made with anything fruitty - -no strawberries or strawberry mix - -not sure how they do it , but they are not good .
8. casino : do not bother .
i have never experienced such rude dealers ( especially the female blackjack dealers ) .
i 've been to atlantic city casinos , las vegas casinos and have never seen such rude and unfriendly dealers .
they wo not speak english to you .
they count your cards in spanish , if they even count your cards .
on several occasions the dealer miscounted , gave the wrong winnings , etc . - - completely inept .
several people commented to me about their bad experiences in the casino .9.
beach : not the nicest beach .
water temperature good , but not too clear .
seaweed accummulates on the beach and the poor guys have to bag it by hand every morning .
great walking beach - -can walk for miles on it .
watercrafts are good - -most free .
but , you have to make a reservation for most of them .
parasailing and banana boats are extra .
it cost us $170 for 4 kids to parasail and $40 for them to go on the banana boot .
fyi : watersports operators use whatever peso rate they want - -hotel has a rate of 30 and the watersports guys have a rate of 33- - go figure - -is not the currency rate the same for the whole country ?
buffet restaurants : breakfast at the tuney restaurant at the caribe area was o . k .
lunch - -well , let 's say i ate white rice and beans every day for lunch .
the soft ice cream machine was a welcomed addition - -had a few ice cream lunches .
typical buffet food with flies , birds , etc . 11.
check - out : our flight was at 3:20 p . m . and was told to check out at 10:30 a . m . in order to get the bus to the airport .
check out only took about 20 minutes - -not the 1 hour time that they had told us .
waited an hour in the lobby for the bus and took over an 1 hour to get to the airport which is 15 minutes away because we had to stop at other hotels and sit and wait for people .
bus was airconditioned and very comfortable .
12. nightlife : before departing for our trip to pc , we thought we would not see the kids at all .
much to our surprise they were with us all day and all night - -not much in the way of entertainment for them .
the older ones participated in a game of beer pong in the lobby of the caribe one night , but everyone was in their room by 10:00 p . m . every night .
the fun pub was a smokey loud bar with chairs and one pool table ) ( at home , we ca not keep them home ) .13.
departure at airport : beware when you arrive at the airport the airport luggage guys swarm the bus to get your luggage to make the tips .
as soon as the driver opens the luggage compartment they start grabbing the luggage off the bus .
we had 10 pieces and unfortunately , because of the mad dash to grab luggage , my daughter 's suitcase was picked up by someone by mistake and we did not get it back until an hour we thought for sure we were going home without it .
in summary , in my opinion not worth the $5,500 we spent .
terrible experience i stayed at the melia caribe with my 21 year old son for a 3 day weekend .
we were both very disappointed in this resort and were soon grateful that we only booked a 3 day stay and proceeded to try to make the best of it . from the horrible food ( and i do mean horrible ) , the severely limited selection of alcohol , the atmosphere and the generally unfriendly staff it was actually my worst travel experience .
there was no single disastrous event but i do not think it is possible to write a helpful review other than to give a general thumbs down .
there really was nothing i liked about the place .
next year in jamaica our family of four just returned from the melia .
we were told this was a 5star resort and felt misinformed .
at best , it 's a three .
the hotel is really spread out and not anywhere near the beach .
you need to take a train to go back and forth from anyof the restaurants , rooms tennis etc .
the train does not run as often as they say either .
back and forth can be 20+ minutes .
the tennis courts are a mess and the golf is really a joke .
do not expect to play .
we would make a t - time for 4 oclock and they would have 15 groups sign up at the same time .
when we arrived they told us this could take a wait of 45min or more .
so much for our reservation .
the course is also under construction .
the restaurants are very good but you must get up every morning to make a reservation .
you will not get in otherwise . this is not fun on vacation .
i wanted to sleep in .
our room was completely inadequate .
their is not a proper dresser for your clothes we had to keep most of them in a suitcase .
they have 3 small drawers for clothes . also , even after only drinking bottled water , i got really sick .
i did not even brush my teeth w/ the tap .
do not eat the fruit or veg 's .
on the postive side ? the hotel staff will really try to help if they can . i hear the iberostar and the paradisus next door are much better hotels .
careful now . . .
i am really surprised that i have not seen more negative reviews about this place .
upon arrival , the lobby was swarming with people .
it seemed disorganized and rowdy .
not exactly how you want to start your vacation .
after we finally got to talk to a receptionist , they told us ( we were traveling with two other couples ) that they did not have room for any of us .
they told us the problem was because we booked through orbitz and hotwire .
the part that frustrated us further is that my friend had called 24 hours earlier and confirmed our reservation and confirmed that our rooms would be near each other .
they said that they could take us to a nearby hotel .
after some irritating discussions , we got into a cab and they took us to the paradisus , an absolutely magnificent hotel .
however , i should interject that they put us in a cab and made us sit there for 20 minutes while they paid the cab driver .
i do not understand what took so long for every little thing .
when we got to the second hotel , we were once again told that they did not have room for us .
at this point , i was furious and got on the phone with melia caribe .
the woman , maggieusta , was extremely rude and told us that the only compensation she was going to give me was a free night 's stay the next time i come there .
like i would ever make another reservation with this joint .
i finally convinced her to let me talk to her manager ( we asked when we were at the hotel but this guy is like the wizard of oz ) and he got on the phone with me . mr .
edguardo vasquez told us that he was truly sorry about the problems we were having and told us that we defintely had rooms at the bavaro princess .
he told us our compensation was to be upgraded to platinum status at that hotel and we would receive all sorts of freebees .
. in fact , once we got to the bavaro princess , we were treated like second - class guests and there was little that mr . vasquez could do about it .
we were placed in melia caribe dumping ground area - a part of the princess that was under construction .
thanks a lot edguardo .
moral of the story : i am sure this place is nice - make sure you go through a travel agent and do not expect to be treated with spectacular service .
overbooked and sent us to a sub - par hotel unfortunatley my review of the actual resort is limited because when we arrived , we were told they had no rooms for us .
we were a party of 6 ( each couple had booked online , through orbitz and hotwire ) and had booked three rooms .
i called the night before and confirmed our reservation , requesting that our rooms be near each other .
the man on the phone said that would be no problem . instead we arrived and were told they were full and could not give us a room .
we were then taken to the bavaro princess , which was a terrible resort ( not nearly the amount of restaurants , no golf , etc ) .
we also met other vacationers who were in the same predicament ; apparently melia has a habit of doing this .
i travel frequently and always check with tripadvisorbefore booking a resort , which i did for melia caribe , unfortunetly i did not go past the first 5 reviews which raved about this place .
the same day i returned from my trip i once again checked the reviews on tripadvisor because i could not beleive this was the same place i stayed at , in fact the deeper i went into the reviews the more i found comments which were in line with my experience . i realize that for some people 80 degree weather and a palm tree is all they need to have a great vacation but for gods sake this place is rated 5 stars and it 's not cheap i just do not understand how anyone can rate this place as excellent because the grounds are beautiful , which is the only positive thing . what to expect : very well stocked mini bar , two bottles of water and two diet pepsi 's . expect to walk 15 minutes to beach and 15 to lobby from center of resort , this is great exercise it will also keep you sharp for when you get back to the city as you will be sharing paths with trains , cars , jeeps and scooters the smell of exhaust fumes will comfort you if you miss the big city . if you enjoy being in a pool with hundreds of other people ( february ) this is the place for you . if you enjoy waking up early to reserve a hut on the beach you will love this place . if your perfect vacation is calling in for restaurant reservations at 8 a . m and being told sorry sir we were fully booked by 7:15, ah heaven on earth . the locals are very friendly they are not tring to sell you time share appartments they are just there to greet you as you enter and exit the breakfast and lunch buffet , excellent way to learn spanish . check out is at 12 noon and your flight is in the evening no problem at this 5 star resort they will provide you with a fully furnished closet next to the luggage room with a shower a sink and 40 used towelsstacked in the corner as a reminder of the people that showered before you , if you are one of the annoying picky travelers and ask politely they will mop the floor and remove the towels , afterwards you will have the opportunity for socializing with the other priviliged guests who will come knocking on the door asking if you are done yet .
i miss this one already and it 's only a day that i 'am back home . for all you none picky travelers this place is definetly a 5 star , if you consider yourself picky stay away from this place or i can assure you that you will miss your 30 degree weather .
5 stars ! ! just got back from a one week stay could not wait to get back home .
if you are looking for 5 stars from this place you 'll have to look up at the sky .
i agree with one of the previous reviews the grounds are beautiful , unfortunetly that 's where it ends .
this place is not a resort it 's a city , it was fully booked during our stay , inorder to get a shaded area on the beach the last 5 days i woke up at 7 am , by 10 the beach and the pools were swamped with people .
they built too many rooms for the services available , most nights at the buffet they could not keep up with clean dishes .
the food was awful , it 's the first time i lost weight at an all inclusive .
if you have already booked i suggest you pay the extra money and get upgraded to what they call royal service this will allow you to get the services that are normally included in all inclusive , otherwise the specialty restaurants will be practically impossible to reserve .
to make things worse after complaining to the front desk that the safe does not work properly i was told that there is an extra charge for the use of the safe .
on the day i left several couples were told no rooms were available since they were overbooked .
i will never again stay at a melia resort . .
stay somewhere else ! ! !
i really have to question other reviewers motives or experience with giving this hotel excellent reviews .
if you??e already locked into your reservation and can?? change your resort selection you should stay away from the buffet food at atabales .
this will probably be where you are directed to eat on your first night .
stray cats roaming the buffet area didn?? seem so bad after i tasted the food .
steak skewers were more like beef jerky and they were cold .
rather than being reminded you 're in a third world country you should hop on the trolley/train and go to the beach grill located near hotel rooms in the 1000 number .
there you can have hot off the grill beef shish kabobs and even better grilled lobster ( you might have to wait in a long line for maybe 15 minutes ) !
breakfast and lunch is also served at the beach grills .
( there are two ) again don?? waste your time at the atabales buffet .
the only staff at the hotel that were courteous were the guys asking if you wanted to go the meeting .
after day three they got the picture that we were not interested in attending a meeting about possibly booking rooms at their other resorts .
how could we possibly be interested in other melia properties when they couldn?? even get the basics of an all inclusive plan right .
what are we there for , drinks? ? too syrupy??ood??orrible? ? hotel room? ? horrible plumbing .
they actually employed a person that drove around with a plunger attached to the rear of his scooter .
i possibly could have had a better time had i not gotten food poisoning .
we arrived friday , by sunday night i was in bed by 9pm with a fever??he next morning the fever was gone but i became friends with the guy on the scooter with the plunger .
it took me seven days to feel better and that was only after my doctor prescribed me 1000mg of antibiotics to take for three days straight .
do not think if you stick to bottled water you 'll be fine you 'll end up eating something bad .
the hotels property is amazing , too bad all the attention to detail is spent with landscaping and not food and beverage .
someone spent a lot of money to build this resort it?? a shame that such a wonderful property has gone to waste .
my husband and i have been to three all - inclusives so far , couples in jamaica is wonderful??reat rooms , excellent food , friendly , courteous staff , lots of activities , great beach with bath like water .
another all - inclusive was in nuevo vallarta , the marival .
the marival was the best , we??e in our 30?? and are quite active , we played beach volleyball everyday .
the staff actually walked around the pool and encouraged guests to participate in various activities .
the drinks and food were great .
next year we??l be sticking to safe bets with resorts we??e visited in the past??e will definitely remember to stay away from melia properties .
dont waist your time .
this is a letter i wrote to the managment at melia caribe .
this place needs some major work .
to whom this may concern , important information regarding caribe tropical  i would first would like to say that i had stayed at your hotels in cancun and had a wonderful time with my wife and kids .
unfortunately this letter is not a complimenting letter and i am sorry to say that neither my friends or myself will ever stay or recommend your hotels to anyone .
if you care to know why please keep reading .
i am sure that someone out there cares about the feedback of your awful hotel in punta cana dominican republic .
my friends and i always make sure when booking hotel stay that we have the best rooms there are to offer , so we booked all three rooms at the royal services .
when i arrived after an exhausting flight from new york the lady checking us in told me that i would have to pay for my child that was five years of age .
i explained to her that i called sol melia on several occasions and was told that kids under the age of six were free .
she started arguing with me until i insisted she call the manager .
the manager finally shows up a half an hour later and tells me he must charge me for my child .
i explained again my situation and was rejected .
i finally gave up after an hour and told him to contact sol melia and find out what to do , but in the meantime i want my room !
i checked into my room and was waiting on his phone call but he never called .
a few hours later i ran into him at one of the restaurants and he told me that he spoke to sol melia and they said the same thing i initially told him that kids under six are free .
now here is my first point .
should not the staff know this already ?
they have been doing this for years . . . . . do they just want to aggravate people ? .
my friends show up a few hours later and there room was not ready so they also had to spend over an hour at check in .
a few days later my other friends show up and are told that there room was sold out , and that they are going to send them to another hotel ( paradisus ) .
keep in mind that we all have little children and that is why we all booked royal services so that we can share our vacations together .
he explained that he had friends staying at the melia tropicale and wanted to stay with us .
there answer was sorry , there is nothing we can do .
how can a hotel chain like sol melia be so unprofessional as to oversell hotel rooms while they have people flying from all over the world to stay there ?
so after several hours of arguing the person at the front counter told them that they can either stay at the paradisus or sleep outside on the floor .
wow now this is service at its best .
after having no choice he took a room at the paradises hotel .
this is where the story gets a little interesting .
my friend teddy is told that these hotels are connected so that we can all be together if we would like .
so one day we made dinner reservations at his hotel .
it takes about 15 minutes to walk each way with kids .
we finally get there and are chased down by security guards .
they tell us that we cannot enter into the hotel .
i then explain our situation to the guards and was told to wait for the manager .
the manager then told us that we cannot eat or even enter the hotel .
this really made me boil .
after a long battle we finally meet up with my friend that was staying there and he also had some words with them , but yet we still could not eat or stay .
so do to the fact that you have to make reservations a day in advance for any restaurant , we had to find other ways of looking for food with 7 hungry children .
another good example of great service .
thank you sol melia ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the next day we make reservations at the sushi restaurant in melia caribe .
when we arrive around five minutes late we noticed the hostess was mad at our late arrival .
we sat down and waited for the rest of our party to arrive .
after five minutes the hostess herself walks over to our table to see if we had ordered already .
when we told her we were looking over the menu she told us that we have to order quickly because we have to leave by 8:00.
so in front if the entire restaurant we have a huge argument over nothing .
we are not the type of people to ever be loud or even argue with people in public , but this was just getting ridiculous .
after she left the waiter came to apologize for the hostesses bad attitude .
he explained that she argues with everyone .
here is another example of poor management .
why would you keep a hostess such as this at your hotel ?
she is unliked by her peers and customers but yet nobody seems to care .
another point i would like to bring out is how ninety percent of the employees at this hotel do not speak a word of english , even though most of the people staying there are from the united states .
lastly , i got so fed up with all the problems we were having that i decide to call sol melia corporate in miami florida .
i spoke to a lady by the name of lorena canaveras .
i told her my story and asked her to try getting me an extended stay so i can at least spend the rest of my vacation with my friend since we were not allowed to cross borders .
she told me she would look into it and call me back in the morning .
in the meantime we also were speaking with management at paradises that eventually wound up giving us a few nights on the house so we can be together .
unfortunately we could not get flights back on that day so we had to head home .
the next day came and went and i never heard back from lorena .
so when i return home a few days later i call lorena at customer service and asked her why she did not call me back , her response was that someone in the hotel tried to contact me but failed .
i told her that nobody tried to call because i would have been happy to talk to anyone who would listen .
i then advise lorena that the hotel offered me a stay for free for all of our troubles in which time she said that i should get her the name of the person we spoke to and that she would honor the stay at any hotel .
the next day i call her back and tell her the lady at the hotel is wilma , she is the hotel coordinator .
by this time i guess lorena had a change of heart and told me that she might not be able to find this person since the chain is so big .
so by now i am just fed up .
i had enough of the run around and the arrogance of these employees .
how hard is it to pick up the phone and ask for wilma the hotel coordinator at the paradisus if you work for them ? anyway the problem went on and on with our stay i ca not sit here and write all day .
i own a business and if my employees behaved like this i would sure want someone to tell me .
this vacation was a vacation from hell .
i only go away once a year with my family and i had a horrible time .
the hotel itself and the rooms are beautiful , its very unfortunate that it is run so poorly .
everyone i met at the hotel from the states said they were also very unhappy and vowed to right letters .
so i hope that someone wakes up at upper management and decides to do something about this .
nobody should go through the inconvenience we have been put through on our vacation .
please , do not go !
we spent 7 days at this resort on the recommendation of friends who loved the dominican republic .
they must have stayed at a nicer resort than ours .
problems : language barrier was the first thing we noticed .
even fluent - spanish - speaking travelers have difficulty understanding the dialect ( and even the few english - speaking staff members will resort to spanish if they are sick of dealing with you ) .
when we arrived at our room - which was a long walk from the check - in desk - the room smelled funny and was not made up properly .
there was an opened bottled water next to the sink , a towel had been used , etc .
but it was too far back to check - in and we do not speak spanish so we figured it was not worth dealing with .
bring comfortable shoes  band - aids - the paths around the resort are all really attractive but uneven cobblestones - they look nice but they 're hell to walk on .
i am not lazy - i work out every day - but the walking was kind of ridiculous .
i got blisters , which is what you will need the band - aids for .
the food is terrible .
we are americans and we could only think that maybe the food is prepared to cater to europeans more ?
everything looked weird and tasted weird .
i had a hard time getting enough to eat the whole time we were there because everything seemed off .
the seafood restaurant did not serve lobster , shrimp , etc - they served fish .
grouper and red snapper .
the menus at all the restaurants claimed to be italian , mexican , etc . but if you are an american it is not the kind of mexican or italian you are used to .
even the salads were weird - the lettuce looked good  fresh but looked like someone dumped a whole bottle of water over them - the lettuce was always soaking in a puddle of water .
which , after reading other reviews , bothered me because i heard that other guests got sick from the water , either from drinking it or eating food that was washed in it .
everything is called something that makes you think you know what you are getting - but when you taste it , it does not taste like what you 're used to .
even my hamburger had a burned - grease sort of skin - crust on it .
not appetizing .
i never got sick from eating/drinking but my husband did - spent the last 2 days running to the bathroom every 15 minutes .
i could not wait to get home and go to an american restaurant !
i survived on potato chips purchased from the hotel gift shop for about $5 us per bag .
also , you have to make reservations at least 24 hours in advance - but no more than 24 hours in advance .
we never got in to the restaurant we wanted , even though we called at 6 in the morning .
too much work when you are on vacation , in my opinion !
not to mention that every restaurant we went to had at least 75% of the seats empty .
so when we called and asked for a reservation , they would say the restaurant was full - but really they just did not have enough staff to service them .
all that work just to get there and eat food that was not good anyway ! there is not much to do there besides lay by the pool/beach , so if that 's all you 're into , then you might be able to have a good time .
we were on a 7- day trip and by the third day i was asking my husband if he thought we could go home early somehow .
i guess if you are going , pack snacks in your suitcase - because when you get there , you 'll see what i mean about the food .
i would have killed for something normal to eat ! really , i could go on and on about all the things that were wrong , but let me just advise you to go somewhere else .
i do not know if this is characteristic of the dominican republic or just this resort .
food poisoning my husband and myself part of a group just returned from a week?? vacation at the melia carbie resort in punta cana .
the room next to us , (0700 building ) had rats .
the couple in the room had to put a towel down under the door to keep the rats out .
our room had cockroaches .
we spoke to the manager about , let?? just say this resort needs new management to deal with their guest services .
there is a bigger problem here its called food poisoning . . . we all became sick during the week with various forms of intestinal problems !
we did not drink the tap water but think it may have been from eating salads and fruits that were washed in the water there .
we met many other english speaking people who were going through the same problems as we were .
it put an unfortunate damper on our trip , even causing us to have to leave dinner early on a few nights . i see a lot of positive reviews on the melia tropical obviously from people who don?? travel much and are easily impressed . i get two weeks off a year ; one was ruined by this property stay . good luck if you go herelinda , ny 
the fire a fire broke out in the resturaunts due to a gas leak .
we were all in the lobby bar relaxing our second night in jan ,2005 , there were no smoke alarms or emergency plans .
the workres ran out without warning all the guests abandoning us .
this was scary , as the fire spread quickly getting bigger catching on to the palm trees , we ran for our lives towards the beach to safety which was about a mile away .
punta cana only has one fire truck on the island so by the time it arrived 30 minutes later 2 resturaunts completely burnt down .
the place smelled like barn fire as it smoked for days .
forget reservations only buffet food with lines to honolulu .
if you have any questions about the room with leak , smelling of mildew or the food , feel free to ask .
this certainly was not my idea of a relaxing vacation , we were lucky to be alive .
melia sucks the big one ! ! ! do not go !
comments on melia caribe : ? ? day one : we get to the resort and check in at around 4 pm ( normal check in is at 3 pm ) .
we tried to get an english map of the resort but they didn?? have any to give us , so we had no way of finding our way around .
we get to the room at 4:30 and the cleaning lady is just beginning to clean the room and it was filthy .
we were told to sit out on the balcony ( which we did for 40 minutes while sweating in the 90+ degree heat after traveling the entire day ) .
once in the room finally we noticed that the air conditioning was not working , the safe we paid $14 for was not working and our in room mini fridge was not working either .
i called the front desk and they told me someone would come .
after an hour the workman came , he said he fixed the fridge and air conditioning , and the safe could not be fixed .
unfortunately , the ac and fridge still were not working after babysitting this maintenance guy for 2 hours .
i called the front desk again and kept getting the run around .
we went all the way up to the front desk and was once again given bs reasons for everything .
the people were rude and did not seem to care one iota .
finally , i was upset , my girlfriend was upset and it was 9:45 pm so i began yelling at them to fix our problems .
finally , after getting extremely excitable and asking to transfer to another resort the manager came out and the rep from liberty travel came and sat down with us and he assured us our problems would be solved .
they offered us another room the next day but we had already unpacked and were tired and unable to repack and move rooms .
we went back to the room and the a/c while running still did not work very well .
our room did not get below 78-80 the whole time .
the worst part was that at no point did anyone apologize for these problems . ? ? weektime : the food was absolutely vile , we had trouble finding anything to eat that was even half edible for lunch , and the dinners were just alright .
their reservation system is impossible ( you have to wake up and call at 7 am ) and getting reservations at any of the restaurants was next to impossible .
i also noticed that when we were in the restaurants that most of them were half empty so why is it so hard to get reservations ?
additionally , in order to get to the area of the restaurants you cannot walk because it is over a mile to the main area ( away from the beach ) , they have a trolley that is supposed to come every 15 minutes however we usually waited 25-30 minutes every time and ended up missing dinner reservations a few times because of it .
i will say that thanks to one hostess at the french restaurant we were able to eat there a few times , she was nice and even made reservations for us at the other restaurants , she was the friendliest one in the resort and deserves to be commended , her name is mayra sterling . ? ? friday afternoon we got back to the room and the air conditioner had broken once again , the room was about 85 inside .
we called to have it fixed but nobody showed up and we could not even sleep friday night due to the heat in the room . ? ? saturday afternoon we returned to the still not working air conditioner in the room at around 6 pm but this time the room was filthy and not made up yet even though we placed the ??ake up room sign? ? outside when we left the room at 10am .
finally at 7:30 our cleaning lady came and made up the room .
the manager came and told us the a/c in the hotel was broken and that we could move rooms if we wanted to ( apparently their only solution here is to move rooms rather than actually fixing the problems ) .? ? sunday : departure day was a huge nightmare , our flight was at 3:55 pm , they told us the bus would take us to the airport at 12:50, so they told us to call to have our luggage picked up at 11:30 am , figuring they would mess this up too we started called at 11:00 am , what was funny was that we had called two times by 11:30, and then called a 3rd time at 11:45, finally at 11:50 i called and screamed at them to get our luggage and they finally did .
we had to rush through lunch now in order to check out and make the bus . ? ? overall , the resort had nice grounds but the accommodations , food , and people were horrific .
i would not go back to the melia even if it was free .
the staff gives you a default ??o? ? to every question asked and the food combined with the accommodations is abominable .
one thing that i found interesting was that every single other person we spoke to in the resort who spoke english had the exact same experience we had , some people had to move rooms 2 or more times just to get a satisfactory room .
i hope that you will do everything in your power to get us some sort of refund for the problems which occurred during our stay .
additionally , i would highly recommend that you not promote this resort in the future , we felt entirely ripped off and are extremely upset about the results of our stay .
a nightmarish vacation my husband and i just returned from the melia caribe tropical after having had many pleasant trips to the bavaro palace .
what a mistake to pick this hotel !
our key card kept going bad , locking us out of our room , and had to be replaced 6x .
the shower worked fitfully .
towels were sometimes nonexistent .
the food in the beach buffet was pathetic : overcooked meat and fish , soggy vegetables and mushy pizza .
reservations had to be made in the a la carte restaurants , were often refused , and the restaurants were half - empty when you looked in .
food was mediocre , and we both got sick after dining in the dominican restaurant .
there were too few shade trees or shelters at the beach , and you had to get up at 6am to reserve a chaise . the place was so huge , you needed to take one of 2 trolley trains to get anywhere , waiting in the heat and hoping they did not break down .
overall we were happy to leave and will return to the bavaro palace from now on .
needs major help while a very beautiful landscape , service and management a real nightmare .
if you are looking for relax , this is not the place .
faced with all kind of service problems , even begging on your knees will not get you an audience with a manager .
the management is sorrunded by walls and you gave to deal with 10-15 guest relation people about the same thing and none will talk to the others or will resolve your problem .
total waste , very poor management .
( i have served in management teams of 5 star hotels in new york and beverly hills for past 20 years ) 
i wasted my money ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i have traveled the world and stayed at numerous hotels and beach resorts . the grounds on this site are second to none .
this is one of the very best properties i have been on and my research has indicated this property is the best the island has to offer .
the property is so big that they have trolley 's that transport you around .
flamingos and other various wildlife walk and fly the grounds and it is without a doubt , truly sensational .
please note the resort is under construction and numerous people complain about the noise .
however , this did not impact us and i was aware of the construction , but never was i bothered by noise from it . the beach is poor at best .
the reason i say poor is because they have no coral or aquatic wildlife that you can see or interact with .
there is also a lot of seaweed and trash on the beach at all times and they do not clean it .
because they have no coral reef , the seaweed is very dense and breaks up and travels up on the beach .
not only is it unsightly , it has the water dirty and forces you to the pools on the grounds .
the service at this hotel is also poor .
this is a very poor country and i know for a fact they do not like americans , thus the poor service .
i had numerous interactions where i was told no and was presented with a very restrictive scenario on options .
they stocked our refrigerator on the first day only and was told that even though we paid for an all inclusive , we had to pay for sodas in the room going forward .
the maid did not replace room towels on some days and we actually went 3 days with the same towels at one time .
the maid also did not replace the shampoo nor did she provide tissue .
maids typically came mid - day and if you came back from lunch and did not have something , i would look for a maid or call the front desk and they never replaced my request .
the only time i got service is when i tipped and realized after the third day that tipping got you minimal service .
on this resort , tipping is expected and not an option and you literally have to tip for everything .
i believe in tipping , and do not mind doing so .
but i tip based on service and i do not like to feel obligated to tip and i certainly do not like feeling that i have to tip for tissue and shampoo .
another concerning notables .
they have numerous mosquitos and have had recent outbreaks of malaria .
we were bitten numerous times and were very concerned .
my son came back to the states with ring worm that he picked up and the food in the a la carte restaurants was average at best .
they have several exclusive restaurants that serve upscale food .
these exclusive restaurants were good and we dined there some nights , but please keep in mind that everyone dines there and you need a reservation to get in .
getting on the list is difficult , requires a tip , and you must coordinate this early in the morning .
walk up seating is not an option and i was turned away several times with rudeness . jamaica truly knows how to service their clients and they know what fun and an all inclusive truly is .
the quality and options of food in jamaica is superior to punta cana .
i liken the service in punta cana to prison in comparison to jamaica .
they seem to be intent on telling you what you ca not have before they consider fulfilling your request .
as a result of my experience with the beach and the service , i can say without a doubt i will never travel to this island again .
truely dissapointed !
where to start . . . apart from the fact that we were not told by our agency that they were undergoing major construction for expansion , or any apologies by the staff for any difficulties and inconveniance caused by them . . . the staff was really cold and a lot were rude ! the food was decent . . . . depending on where you went !
out of the 4 full time buffet that they said to have there was only 1 that was open , and that was the international food .
so , if you had no reservations for restaurants in the evening , you went there . . .
the only highlight that i had was the service and treatment received at the hokkaido restaurant . . .
for that , it was excellent and i wished that the rest of the hotel was as enjoyable . there was a total lack of organised activities during the day , and even more so in the night .
i was only approached 2 to partake in activities and that was at the end .
i have had better service in some 3 star resort than here .
i was happy to be back at work after my week @ melia well , you problably read the reviews of the group of 38 that went to melia caribe for a wedding and thinking to yourself that it ca not be that bad . . . trust me , it was . first off , the check - in : what a joke , i understand that in some places you will need to wait until 3:00 p . m . to check - in which is acceptable .
having said that , when it is 4:30 and you are still in the same clothes you wore on the long flight there and sweating due to fact that the ceiling fans in the lounge were for decoration only .
i had to demand my room key .
i do not think i could take another go to the buffet and eat and have a drink while your room is being made upsecondly , the room and housekeeping : the room was air conditioned .
that 's the best thing about the room .
the beds are horrible and have slept on better couches .
good news is that there is a bidet , 'cause you are going to need it .
which brings me to the next topic . . . food . the food : my doctor explained my symptoms as travelers diarhea which is common in third world countries when i told him i stayed in a 5 star resort , he laughed and gave me a prescription for antibiotics which i had to take for a week .
avoid the buffet at all possible , the bread was decent .
eat only at the resturants , some of them are quite good , like the japanesse spot .
the service was poor and you had to wait a long time to get a refill on a refreshment . . . . and i am super patient , but a refill on a drink should not take as long as it did .
bring imodium and alka - seltzer which worked great . do not drink the mixed drinks , the ice is not purfied as i had a glass of water with ice and i can see the discolorment after about 5 mintues . the good : the pool and the beach is just amazing , really impressed with that .
bring your own towels , since the ones provided were questionable at best .
i watched a guy re - fold towels that guest had just returned .
that 's just foul . the bad : gift shoppe is run by thieves , i gave them a $20 bill and the cashiers was hagling to give me change back .
wanted to give me $1 and the rest in quarters , when i questioned the lack of change the other cashier asked the cashier that i was dealing with if she had $1 bill ( in spanish ) and she said of course i do , and that 's when i lost it .
( i do speak the language ) i told them if you want my $20, i 'll just buy $20 worth so you do not have to rip me off , after grabbing a handfull of over - priced goods i left the store extremely annoyed . . . and headed to the shuttle to the rooms . the badder : the train , shuttle , or whatever they call the tram that takes you from the lobby to your rooms does not run every 15 minutes , not even close .
my suggestion is to do the long walk to your room and forego the wait . the worst : running out of tp cause your housekeeping service is non - existance . . . (see note about using the bidet ) the best : the checkout was the best part of the trip . got back and lost 8 pounds . . . beat that trimspa .
horrendously horrible let me begin by saying that i ca not believe there are actually positive reviews about this place .
i wonder if those reviews are from people that have never been on vacation before or have never received at least minimum - level service anywhere ! ! ! ! anyway , here goes : arrival at the hotel : my wife and i found out that you do not get your room keys until 3pm and when you ask why you get a somewhat rude  indifferent response .
( what they do clearly communicate to you is to get something to eat or go to the bar over and over again while you wait ) .
we waited there in the sweltering sauna ( aka the lobby ) until i guess i became such a nuisance to them that they had no choice but to give me the room keys at 2:50pm .
just when i thought we were home - free in our room ( we had to listen to a sales pitch about time shares on our way to the trolley - more on that later ) we had to wait 1 hour for our luggage !
by the way , for those ignorant reviewers that say unless you speak spanish , you 're treated rudely . . . that could not be further from the truth .
both my wife and i are hispanic and it did not matter ! the room : the out - dated furniture looks like something out of a 70's porn movie .
also , there are ants , a leaky bathroom ceiling after we took showers , a cracked coffee table , no iron or ironing board and i had to call 4 times for that . . . the 4th time i was told there was a shortage of irons on the resort .
the service : it was terrible everywhere except at the japanese restaurant .
waiters  waitresses walk around aimlessly like bernies ( as in weekend at bernie 's ) .
the term customer service must not exist in their vocabulary . the food : wow ( and not wow in a good way ) .
we traveled with a group of 38 for a wedding . . . basically everyone else except my wife and i got sick ( vomitting , diarrhea , bacterial infections in their stool - you get the picture ) .
the reason why my wife and i did not get sick is due to the following reasons ( take notes ) .
everyday we ate the same thing . . . for breakfast we ate toast  a waffle ( be prepared to wait at least 20-30 minutes because there is only 1 waffle iron ) .
lunch was pizza ( we waited until the chef took out the pie fresh from the oven before the bugs got to it ) and french fries ( again , straight from the kitchen ) .
dinner at chinese - - - terrible .
dinner at japanese - - - excellent , i would highly recommend .
in fact , the japanese restaurant had such good food  service that you would think you were actually in japan because that 's how far away the quality of service was compared to the rest of the resort .
( we also heard from our friends that the mexican restaurant was just as good , but we did not eat there ) .
drinks were bottled water for my wife , who 's pregnant  presidente beer for me .
do not drink the mixed drinks because who knows if the ice is really filtered like they say it is . the grounds : beautiful .
the landscaping is gorgeous , it looks especially nice at night .
however , everywhere there are tiles that are extremely difficult to walk on , not to mention very slippery if even 1 drop of water gets on it .
also , you have to wait all the time for the trolley to pick you up .
they tell you it 's every 15 minutes , but sometimes you 're waiting there longer .
it gets so jam - packed that you have to hop on it even if it 's going in the opposite direction of where you 're going . to summarize there is one thing that you 're sure to find if you stay at the melia . . . you 're guaranteed to lose weight - be it by getting sick or by watching very carefully what you eat ( like we did ) .
it 's the 1st vacation i 've ever taken that i come back having lost weight !
i would highly recommend this resort . . . to my enemies !
terrible ! ! ! ! beyond terrible ! ! ! ! oh my god this place was horrible ! ! ! let me start with check in we got there 3:00pm and did not get into our room till 5:00pm , it was so hot .
i went with my husband and my 2 girls they were hot and cranky .
we get to the room and it was nice but full of ants .
i had a big arguement with housekeeping beacuse my room was not cleaned for 2 days after the 2nd day we called them twice to come cleaned the room at 10:30am then again at 4:30pm they showed up at 6:00pm we told her to please give us 5 minuites to leave she waited outside we left said bye to her and she left never cleaned the room ! ! !
i called when we got back from dinner the room was not cleaned i called housekeeping again and they showed up at 10:20pm after my kids were asleep , my husband told her it was too late .
i had no towels to shower i had to ask for towels from our friends in the rooms next to us .
we had no bottled water in the mini bar when my girls were thirsty we had to walk over to the pool bar to get bottled water which by the way was not very cold .
now to the food .
the buffet is horrible they have 3 buffets and all 3 of them are outdoors there is no air conditioning and they have a bunch of cheese layed out that was sweating the food had flies all over .
the food that should 've been on ice like yogurt was not .
my daughter wanted yogurt for breakfast my husband tasted it and it was spoiled .
lunch was the same thing .
dinner , well there buffet for dinner is the same garbage everyday and of course the flies are there .
to get reservations for the restaurants was difficult , but the mexican , japanese and seafood restaurants were good but they took forever to bring the food out .
we went with a large group of 38 people we were all there for a friends wedding .
everyone got sick and it was the buffet .
people from our group were handing out medication to stop going to the bathroom .
i ended up in the hospital with vomitting the diagnosis was an intestinal infection from the food .
the floor i was on had other patients from this same resort , that alone should tell you something .
people were stuck in there rooms for 2 days because they could not be far from the toilet .
the hotel gift shop sold immodium but 6 pills was $26.00
american dollars , it was ridiculous .
the wedding , my friend and her husband looked great .
the ceremony was beautiful they provided three men playing guitar and singing they were great .
they quoted my friend one price and when she got there it was another .
videographer and photographer taped and took picutres of the ceremony and they told the bride that it would be $200.00
for 45 minutes of the reception , they turn around and tell the groom that it would be $500.00
for 45 minutes , thinking they would not talk about the price they bride ends up in the bathroom crying and the only thing the wedding planner could do is say sorry .
then in the middle of their first dance the music stops and there is no music for an hour and a half .
they were using microhone wires for the equipment .
they did not provide an mc for the reception so the bride asked one of the guest to mc for her . the food at the reception was ok .
you were not served what the menu indicated .
i had the fish and it was so salty it was not edible .
people who had the chicken and beef said it was good .
after the tragedy with the music the reception turned out to be great everyone had a good time .
it 's just sad that the bride and groom had to go through so much on their special day .
the service in the hospital was better than the service at the resort .
people watch out for the buffets if you go there .
the place is beautiful but that 's it .
we heard many other stories from other people satying there .
be aware ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
be afraid , be very afraid let me first start out by saying that i read many mixed reviews , but thought that many of the negative reviews were just snooty people being pickey .
i think the positive ones were from people who never go on vacations or have extremely low expectations of a resort .
every complaint in the negative reviews where 100% accurate , especially if you are an american .
the positive would definitley be the grounds and landscaping , truly world class , though the resort is way to big not to have shuttles or other transportation , they have trains that you are forced to breathe the diesel fumes and exhaust smoke as you sit on it , i 'd rather walk .
besides walking is good for you except all the walkways have warnings that they are slippery , and they are not kidding .
if they get a little wet be very , very cautious , it 's like a sheet of ice . the 2 main issues are : 1.
the service - it was awful , beyond awful , almost non - existant and where it did exist they were downright rude .
when i mentioned this to one of the many ( and i mean many ) solicitors for time shares his demeanor changed and he replied 'what do you expect , these people only make $150/month ' ( i hope he was exaggerating ) i can go on and on .
trust me if you are a traveller and appreciate great service . . . walk away . . . no runaway from this resort .
2. the food - wow , where should i start with this .
well 5 days after our return my friend who 's faimly we went with has been to the doctor 3 times and will be going to the hospital for more test .
i to , after 5 days after our return , still have severe intestinal disturbances ( read between the lines ) and will be going to the dr . after the holiday weekend .
the buffet is ok , except the food is left out for hours without refrigeration .
they have a great system to keep you out of the ala carte restaurants , first off you ca not check in until 3:00pm and when they explain the restaurant reservation policy you ca not call the reservation center until 8:00am to 12:00pm the next day , and that is to make reservations for the following day ( yes day , not days .
you can only book it for the next day ) so there goes the first 2 days of getting into a restaurant .
when we called as instructed at 8:00am it was busy , busy , busy .
we got through at 8:15am and they were all booked .
so there went the third day to eat like a normal vacationer would want , in a restaurant .
what did we do , well we did what every red blooded american would do , we paid the maitre 'd off .
after that we paid the people at the front desk off and we finally by the third day ate at a real restaurant .
food was mediocre at best , and when we ate at the other restaurants we found the same food just with different sauces .
beef and pork is always like shoe leather , but the seafood was not overcooked ( though the dr . thinks it was the seafood that made my friend sick ) .
the last night we ate at a buffet and it was the same as the first 2 nights .
the thing about all inclusive is that due to the low quality of the food you tend to eat more ; not because you want to stuff yourself like a pig , but because your saying to yourself 'there must be something here that will satisfy my taste buds ' you keep trying other things , after that you just lower your standards . anyway , be afraid or at least very cautious .
do not under any circumstance leave the resort by yourself , it will be apparent to you as the bus brings you to the resort .
poverty is an understatement .
if you do go on an excursion bring candy for the children .
nobody told us about this and you will feel very bad when you see the dissappointment on their faces as they give you the finger and other obscene gestures as your excursion vehicle pulls away . last year we went to cancun on a whim because it was so inexpensive .
it was 10x better than punta cana , dominican republic .
may christopher colombus rest in peace .
highly unrecommended i just got back from the resort , along with 19 other members of my family .
we go on a family vacation every year , and it seems to get better every year .
however after this vacation , i do not even know about next year . pros : -a week away from home . . . -there is a casino but it is relatively small - there are several excursions , such as horseback and atv riding , scuba diving ( which was not all that great ) , and fishing . cons : -definitely the food .
if everyone is telling you that the food sucks , trust me , just listen to them . -everything is so far from eachother .
the distance of the beach and most rooms to the front lobby or casino is rediculous .
you must wait 15 minutes for a bus to come and take you .
you lose 20 minutes atleast .
you can always walk and enjoy the beautiful uncut grass , mucky ponds , and dirt roads , ( while watching staff ride by on trucks , mopeds , and golf carts ) . - there
are only a handful of fans , and they are not even located in any of the resturaunts .
they are only in the front lobby . -hot
and humid - the pool pub has one pool table ! ? - if you have children and they want to visit the arcade room , tell them not to get their hopes up .
i went to beaches at turks and caucos ( which was an exellent resort ) last year , and the arcade room was amazing .
20 or 30 video games , the most updated systems .
great for all ages .
i expected that here it would be the same . . but no !
all they had was 3 nintendo 64 games , a pool table , and foosball . -frozen
drinks were not frozen ! -did i mention the food sucked . i really do not recommend this resort to anyone . like i said , check out beaches at turks and caucos .
dont stay here the map was wrong which we needed to get around , we changed room after we complained for 3 days , we had a leaking roof and a very dangerous plug socket hanging off the wall , we should never have been placed in that room , rep went to move us , staff said they were too busy and to go back at 3pm that day we did they said the roof was fixed and they have no rooms to move us too , we went back to the room , new that the roof was not fixed ( how can you fix a roof in 3 hours when they cant fix a socket in 3 days ) , we went back to the reception and said we want moving now , suprise suprise they did have a room , if you are going to this hotel do not stay in blocks 1-10.
my boyfriend has been very ill for the past 9 days , the food is not very good , dont eat lunch food , wait till after 4pm they do fresh snacks at the turey , the staff are very selected as to when they will understand and speak english the music is all salsa not very up to date , in the mexican we waited 45 mins after that we had to ask for desert , we were in there 2 hours and we didnt even have a starter and you wait agaes for a drink order 2 when you get one .
we didnt have bugs in the room , but we did see crabs and a rat at the pool , i would not recommend this hotel to anyone , if you can afford it go to the moon palace in cancun , mexico .
unbelieveable this is the worst vacation we have had in 10 years .
where shall i start .
well we get there and we were supposed to have an upgrade for a jacuzzi room ( what a joke ) .
told us the place was full .
found out later it was only at 35% .
no air in our room the first night , was fine after 2 call to the front desk .
the other couple we went with had air but at about 85 degrees for the entire trip .
the food was the worst i 've ever eaten at a resort .
got sick and have been on the toilet ever since ( a week later ) that 's the same with everybody in our party .
the place was way to big .
about a mile to the lobby and casino .
had to take a train everywhere .
the grass was up to your knees .
they finally mowed the day we were leaving .
the best part of the trip was the pool bar .
you better plan on tipping the bartenders if you want service .
the roaches in our room were big enough to carry you away .
the worst was the time share salesmen .
they were on us like a bum on a ham sandwich .
even they would 'nt eat there .
would like to write more but have to go to the bathroom again .
please go someplace else .
avoid this hotel i was on a company trip here during the first week of may .
thank goodness it was free .
the rooms were full of bugs and smelled of mildew .
the hotel staff speaks very little english and i found all of them to be extremeley unhelpful .
when i called the front desk about non working items in my room ( patio door , toilet , shower , bugs , etc . ) i was either hung up on or transferred to someone 's voicemail each time .
the food could not be eaten .
it sits out all day with bugs all over it .
the dinners , with the exception of the japenese place , were also horrible .
the beaches and grounds of the hotel were beautiful .
this place is not geared towards americans and what we expect from hotels .
i was extremely dissatisfied and would never stay at this hotel again , even if it were free .
do not bother ! ! let me start by saying i went there for free .
my friend won the trip through his company (200 people total ) and he brought me as his guest .
so , you would think i should have had nothing to complain about .
first the positives .
the room was pretty nice and the air conditioning worked great .
although , there were some bugs but i do not know if that is normal for a tropical place .
the grounds are beautiful , especially the pool with the swim up bar and fountain .
that was all the good stuff .
now all the bad .
first , we got there , checked in , put our stuff in our room and went straight to the pool .
there was a group of like 30 of us that went .
when we got their , the pool was packed with like 30 guys in their 20's -30's .
it turns out they were employees of the hotel .
the hired help should not be swimming in the pool .
especially when they started whistling and yelling at all the girls in our group whenever they came up to the pool in their bikini 's .
and nothing was done about it !
even i think this is inappropriate being a single 32 year old man .
these people act like animals .
there were a few i spoke with and were nice , but the majority of them were dogs .
not only that , it was impossible to get a drink at the pool bar because the workers all knew the bartender .
let me say , whether the pool was crowded or not , the bartenders were rude and could not be any slower in getting your drink .
as for the rest of the service staff , they also stunk .
lazy and rude .
at the bars in the resort , you could get a drink as soon as the bartenders and wait staff were done dancing together to the music playing .
i should have hopped over the bar and poured my own drink .
being a new yorker , i have no patience for that !
as for the food , i would not feed it to a dog !
i heard the french restaurant was ok , but everthing else was horrible at best .
especially the italian .
for the first time in my life , i had a pasta dish that was not edible .
i took one bite and threw it away .
the best meal there was the fruit loops for breakfast served with very warm milk .
they also liked to leave cheese out to get warm and melt right on the buffet table , uncovered with flies and god knows what landing all over it .
i would not be surprised if i come down with malaria in the next few weeks !
the nightlife stunk too , but i was not expecting all that much .
overall , i had a decent time being that it was free and i was not at work , but i would never spend a penny to go to this place .
stay at home i would never go back to this place even if they paid me .
the food is horrible .
we were with a group of 200.
each and every one said the same thing , the food was horrible , horrible .
the beach is ok , but any beach in mexico , florida , california or hawaii is better .
the locals are frightening .
we saw several carying guns !
the place is so disorganized it was a joke .
i cannot imagine why anyone would want to go to a place where you need a gallon of bottled water just to make it from your room to the lobby .
it is the hottest place on earth .
the humidity is insane .
the merchants are a joke , 3 t shirts they wanted $75! i guess they have never heard of wal mart !
i am completly clueless as to why you would ever go to this island .
it is lame .
keep your coin .
oh and by the way the trip was free so it was not a money thing .
i have no clue , but i would not stay here for free .
so do not waster your money .
is someone playing a joke on us ?
went to the melia expecting a grand time and also anticipating 6 wonderful days of sun , fun and relaxtion .
because of all the problems we encountered , we were home in 3 days .
home never looked so good ! !
the staff at melia coud not have been more rude and inconsiderate , it was quite obvious that their people skills are more than below average .
upon checking in , they understood little or no english which made it almost impossible to commuicate with them .
upon entering our first room , oh did i mention that we were in 4 rooms in less than 24 hours ? ? upon entering room #1 we found that the air conditiong was not working , the temp . in the room was like a boiler room .
after trying our best to rectify this problem ourselves , we contacted the front desk telling them the problem we had , and they referred us to call a different ext .
which we did , after approximatley 15min of being on the phone trying to get someone to understand that we did not have air conditiong , someone finally came down to our room and looked at it and said  that it was working fine at this point after looking at the thermostat , the thermostat was reading 87 degrees in our room .
oh yes but everything is fine ! ! !
i dont think so .
well after approximatley 2 hours of complaining about room #1, they swithced us to room #2.
guess what ? ? same exact problem .
but once again they assured us everything was fine .
at this point i thought someone is playing a very cruel joke on us , after sitting there for what seemed like forever for someone to come and fix it , we landed up falling asleep for the night .
at approxiamatley 2:00 am i awoke to go to the bathroom , as i placed my feet on the floor to get up , my feet were submered in approximatley 6 inches of water .
i thought i was dreaming , but i was not ! ! our room had flooded .
to add insult to injury the water was coming up from the toilet and flooding the room .
my husband proceeded to once again call the front desk and tell them what was happening .
the guy told him we will be their in 5 minutes .
one hour later they came .
we finally get into room #3.
wow this room was much larger and guess what ? ?
it did have air conditioning .
after finally settling in , we fell back asleep at about 4:00 am .
the phone is ringing at around 5:30 am telling me  that they are coming to get us out of the room , because the owner was on sight and this room was alot more money then we originally had paid for .
i told him  that he had to be kidding after what we went through , but guess what ?
they were not kidding and they promptly came and got our stuff and put us in room # 4. at this point we realized that we had made a huge error in coming to the melia caribe tropical , contacted our travel agent and got the next flight out , which happened to be two days later .
i ca not begin to convey how horrible our time was and what a waste of time and money we had spent on what we thought was going to be an incredible vacation .
if one person reads this and decides that this is not the place for them , then i definaltly accomplished what i set out to do .
we got sick we were a group of 14 scandinaviens who stated a week on this resort . we were all looking forward to have a nice time . when you arrive on the airport you have to pay 10us$ and you have to fill out a travel form . remember to kib the kopi because you ned it when you are going home . if you dont have it you have to pay 20$ . nobody told us that . the resort looked good when we arrrivede at 700pm .
we got our rooms .
they were not very beauteful , but ok . we had a conecttet room were the door betwin was looked .
but we could hear evry thing that our nabo was saying . the next morning at 700 am the was a lot of nocie .
i lokked out of the window a next to the resort a new resort was build .
the noice was terribel . after a lot of discousen we was told that we in 2 dayes could have a new room . one of the member of our group hat sundenly stomeck problem and had too stay in bed for 3 days . the next night there was a big fire on the spanies and mexican resturance .
they burnd down to the ground .
we was very afraid that the fire spreed to the building where rest of the group was at sleep . there was no fire alarm so we had too run and get evry body out of bed and down to the pool .
we was so happy , that the strong wind was blowing the fire away from the resort . i do not want too think have teriebel the fire could have been if the wind was in the other direktion . i hope the resort will install a fire alarm ? next moning 2 from our group was complening of pain in there stomack . the situation accelratet and they was woometing and had stomack problem . in the evning one of them got very high fiver and was taken by ambulance to the lokal hospital , he was given a lot of different medicin . the staff on the hospital was very nice but the standart was not very high and the rooms was not aircondition .
the next day his wife also got very sick and also was send to the hospital with woometing stomeck proplem and feber cramp . it will cost 5000us$ fore there stay on hospital . now it was time too shift rooms and we got a must better room and there was no nocie . the next two days was ok byt everybody was afraid of beeing sick . after 3 days the people on the hospital got back but evry body was just thinking of getting home . when we was sitting in the air france plan we all just wanted to get back to europe . after 1,5 hour flies one of the women of the group sundentlige got sick . she past out fore 3 min .
and then was wommeting and had stomek problem .
when we arrrivede at copenhagen airport she was taken too the hospital by ambulance and had to stay there fore 4 dayesthe domicans are very smiling , the resort was ok and the byffes in the morning and too lunch is ok but the food in the evning is not very good and the problem with all inclusive is that nobudy are doing some thing special .
there was a lot of russians on the resort . the beach and the pool is great . massage i s very good but a littel too expensive 60$ fore 1 hour . when you know a doctor is given 360$ pr month in salery .
the spa is nice but one of the problem is cleaning .
the girl who was clening the floor in the spa ariea just took the water from a small pool were a turtle was living and when they was cleaning the drinking mashin in the gym it was with the same water that he has being clening the work out mashines with . dont drink the water at the gym . the resort is nice but they have too do some thing about that pepole are geting sick .
the worst ever !
do not go here !
this was the worst vacation i have ever been on .
the food was some of the worst i have ever eaten ever .
i am not a picky eater and have traveled to many different countries around the world .
this was the worst .
we lived on pepto and immodium the whole week we were there .
the grounds , yes i have to admit are beautiful , but when it takes you 20 minutes to walk from your room to the beach it kind of takes away from it .
you should be prepared for people who know little or nothing of the english language .
communicating is next to impossible and some of the staff were flat out rude and ignored you .
the casino is only open from 8pm - 3am so on the days it rains there is nothing at all to do .
there was a fire there the last night i was there which completely burned two of their restaurants to the ground .
they have no fire alarms , no sprinkler systems and it took 45 minutes for the first fire truck to arrrive - a little dangerous do not you think ?
i would think twice about vacationing here if you have one booked .
i would never go back in a million years .
save your time , money , and patients !
do not go !
my girlfriend and i took a quick vacation in november .
my best friend and his girlfriend went three years prior and loved , but had heard it was on a steady decline .
i decided we would try for ourselves because the pictures looked so nice and the price was right .
well , let me just say , you get what you pay for !
it was without a doubt the worst vacation we have ever been on .
it is too big , the service is absolutely terrible and the staff is very unfriendly .
it did not take long to check in , but took over an hour for our luggage to be brought to our room .
speaking of our room , we were on the ground floor , and neither our sliding glass door or our safe would lock .
therefore , we could not leave the room until one or the other was fixed .
i called the front desk numerous times to get help and all the poor english speaking receptionist could tell me was that i had to get a new key . . . oh , and they would not bring it to me . . . .i had to walk there ( about a 10min walk ) .
the new key did not work .
to make a long story short , it was later determined the safe was broken and we had to move to a new room . . . .but one would not be available until 5pm the next day , and to just walk right up and the head receptionist would know the situaion . . . .it was now 3pm and we still have not seen the beach or pool .
we chanced leaving our luggage in the room and threw all of our valuables in her purse and took it with us to dinner , only to find out we could not have dinner because we did not make a reservation 24hrs in advance !
now how was i supposed to do that . . . i was there for 10hrs .
we got sent to a buffet dinner . . . .made a dish , sat down and had a bite , got up and walked out .
disgusting ! we decided to go back to the room so we would be with our stuff and order the 24hr room service that was included .
so i called room service and was told they were not serving for the rest of the night !
i said , is not this 24hr room service ? , and he said , yes sir , but not now .
what ? ! we slept it off and went down to the pool the next day with all of our belongings , because our door still would not lock and our safe was still broke .
at 4:50pm i walked up to the lobby to get my room changed and the head receptionist , as expected , had no idea whatsoever as to what my situation was and now had to see if there was a room available .
at 6:15pm we got into our new room .
the door locked , the safe worked , but there were two twin beds .
our dinner reservation was a 7pm and if your one min late they will not let you in . . . even if it is their fault .
the service is horrible .
about 10% of the people there speak english .
no one smiles .
as your gambling hundres of dollars in the casino the cocktail waitresses roll their eyes at you when you order a drink .
you have to physically stand - up and walk around to look for a server to serve you at lunch or dinner .
it was just a terrible experience .
when i asked for compensation at the end , they told me to talk to my travel agent .
i filled out the how did we do ?
survey , and told the truth , they smirked and put it down next to them .
everyone we spoke with at the airport that had stayed there absolutely hated it and was going to try to get some type of compensation .
one couple was on their honeymoon and said they were going to go on another one because the resort made this one so terrible .
we could not wait to leave !
i could keep going and going .
never again my family including an infant , stayed at the meila tropical in november 2004.
we were with a group of 16 people , 2 of which were getting married on the resort .
we arrived at the resort around 12:00 noon .
my husband and i got our room within 2 hours but the rest of our group did not get into there room until 5pm .
when my husband and i got to our room , we found out that we were on the second floor . . . we had to carry a stroller and an infant up and down 2 flights of stairs everyday .
then when we got into the room , there was no crib .
i called down to the front desk 3 times .
finally around 6:00pm the crib arrived .
we were not impressed !
now onto the restaurants .
if you wanted coffee or tea before you finished your breakfast , you had to get up and get it yourself .
the wait staff would stand around and talk to each other and occasionally turn there heads to look at you .
the food was cold when you did get it , and if you wanted coffee after dinner you might want to order it with dinner .
it could take up to a half an hour to get it .
the wait staff never once came back during dinner to see if everything was ok or if you needed anything .
i know you are supposed to relax on vacation , but when you are with an infant who is tired in the evenings , 3 hour dinners are not exactly what we wanted .
the only restaurant that i did find very good was the japanese restaurant .
the food was very good .
the service was impeccable .
in our room , we found cockroaches , and ants , many many ants .
our bathroom smelled like sewer which got worse as the days went on .
everyday the maids would clean the room and bathroom , then would turn off the light and exhaust fan which of course were wired together in the bathroom .
we would always have to come back to the room to a sewer smell . due to the lay out of the resort , you must walk outside a lot to the many different areas including the restaurants .
each room is to have a big golf umbrella in the closet .
well of course the day of the wedding we were attending , it was raining .
guess what , no umbrella .
with multiple calls to the front desk , no umbrella could be found for us .
if it was not for the wedding that we were there for , i would have asked to be transferred to another hotel on the second day .
by the end of the week , 14 of the 16 people in our group had gotten ill from something they ate or drank .
i myself got sick on day 2 and did not start feeling better until 2 days after we arrived home .
needless to say , never , never again !
this place is entirely to enormous - not in a good way .
ok this place is so big , you have to wait for a trolly to take you back and forth .
leave something in your rooom on the way to searching for a place to eat breakfast ?
no problem , by the time you walk to your room and back head to the beach - the sun will be setting and you should get some nice pictures .
you forgot the camera ?
no problem - walk back to the room - you should make it back to the beach in time for some great sunrise photos .
the 11 or so restaurants are all very crowded , except for the 6 that require a reservation 24 hours in advance !
but when you finally eat in one of these - you 'll quickly notice that they are only 1/2 full ?
so why do the people answering the restaurant 's phones all say sorry senior , we 're booked
we were there for a wedding , with over 130 guests who flew there from the us .
we heard the same complaint over and over and over from all of our friends who were there at the same time ( july 2004) .
no - this is not what we had hoped for . ,
no - they do not have adequate staff .
no , it is not worth the money .
my wife and i travel a lot and do not always stay 5- star , but this was absurd .
about 25% of the staff even uses the me no speaky de english routine when they do not feel like answering questions or being helpful .
melia tropical - bye bye .
whoever designed this place thinks 'bigger is better '.
they were wrong .
never again my husband and i spend five nights and could not wait to get home .
the food was horrible ! ! the drinks watery .
you had about five resturants to choose from yet each night the same three were closed .
you to wait two hours for the french resturant  which turned out to be horrible .
the hostess of the resturant was also rude .
to top it off at the spanish resturant , they were playing kenny g 's christmas album in march .
the grounds were beautiful but if you do not wish to starve do not waste your time .
vacation express is horrible , and so is apple vacations i thought the grounds were beatiful , but when your loved one gets shigella which comes from the people making your food not washing their hands after taking a sh*t you are going to be disappointed .
not only was my wife sick but over 3/4 of our flight home was sick .
one woman could not even leave the island because she was so sick .
another guy had to be rushed off the plane and into an ambulance .
it 's pretty bad when the cdc wants to know how you got shigella when it is deadly and does not usually show up in the united states .
would it be too much to ask that they wash their hands after going to the bathroom .
would it be too much to ask that they wash their hands in the same water they tell you not to drink .
it 's pretty much guaranteed you will get sick on the trip either while you are there or when you get home .
i will never return to any of these islands i do not care how beautiful they are .
i watched a guy punch his new wife in the face in the pool and i was the only one out of 50 people to break it up .
the security would not do anything about it .
i 'm not the only one to complain about this hotels security , and the fact that vacation express is the most unorganized vacation company ever .
people on the plane were complaining about all the resorts and vacation companies so you are pretty much going to be disappointed if you go on this trip .
never again will i return to this resort ! ! ! ! !
i just returned from my vacation on 9.3.04 and boy am i glad to be home !
first let me start by warning everyone to purchase the safe when you check in .
they do not ask you if you want to purchase it so make sure you ask ! !
we left our room to eat and purchase the safe and when we returned someone had dropped off a fruit basket and champagne but took our video camera as a tip which we did not notice was missing till the next morning .
the security and management was not a help .
they found out who came in our room but of course they could not find our camera .
what a joke .
2. the housekeeping was not great .
i had to call them 3 times to come pick up broken glass so my son would not step in it .
3. we tried to vistit manati park which i found to be a waist of money .
buses only come every two hours to bring you back to your hotel and all that walking around in the heat , you rather be in the pool at the hotel .
you can go swimming with the dolphins but our son was too small and i wish our rep at our hotel would have told us . 4.
after we came back from the park we went back to our room to relax and noticed that the maid had already cleaned our room but someone had urinated on the floor in the bathroom !
they of course cleaned it up when i called security but offered no explaination as to who would of done it .5.
to me , the hotel is way too big for families with small children .
i wish my travel agent would of told us to bring a stoller cause we carried our son everywhere !6. to anyone visiting melia with plans to leave your children with the day care dont ! they had three girls there watching about 15-20 kids .
the girls were all sitting together not watching the different areas of the day care .
the front gate was left open for children to wonder off .
7. the food was hardly digestable .
it was always in an open area with flies and was not ever kept properly cool .
i did not experience any stomach problems but my husband had enough for the both of us . in all we were very disappointed how the management and security handled the theft of our video camera .
i think that should of been more helpful and perhaps tried to make it up to us in some other way . to any one thinking of going to meila i would not recommed it .
i did not want to beleive any of the reviews that i read but i wish that i had cause it really is a place that i will never return to again !
never again , meli? this document intends to describe our experience in one of meli??? all - inclusive resorts during our one - week stay in punta cana , dominican republic . i must start by saying that we were booked into a 6:40 am flight that arrived at punta cana two hours later , having to be at mia airport 3 hours prior to our departure .
in another words , some of us were up since 3:00 o??lock that morning , some others preferred not to sleep at all that night . the welcoming at punta cana int?? airport was great we were greeted with a group of locals playing their traditional music , and the airport personnel was courteous and helpful .
the twenty - minute bumpy trip to the resort , which gave us a chance to glance through the countryside , and the treatment received from the tour company handling the trip , was not bad .
but all this went sour upon our arrival at punta cana?? meli? caribe tropical . as you arrive to the reception desk , and meet with one of their front desk representatives , you immediately become sickened with their arrogance , as it appears that speaking more than one language , and having a slightly higher degree of intellectuality than the rest of the employees , gives them a sense of superiority .
most of the directions given to the guests by these people as far as locations and transportation are inaccurate , and by just standing there in the reception area , you easily identify their incompetence and lack of interest . a minor detail forgotten to be mentioned to us by our travel agent was that punta cana?? meli? caribe tropical?? normal operation is based on overbooking , and that check - in time is after 3:00pm .
notice that after 3:00pm could be any time from 3:00pm to not having a room at all , like it happened to a young couple that we met later on , who were transferred to the golf suites because there were no rooms available in the caribe tropical at their arrival . we were a little more fortunate to have a room ready by 4:30pm , although we were offered all the privileges of the resort upon check - in .
but who wants to make use of privileges after spending an entire night without sleep ?
we wanted to rest for a few hours as we had planned , and later make use of the pool and other hotel amenities .
out of exhaustion , we all crashed into some chairs located in the reception area , as our three - year - old daughter also fell asleep in a 98- degree heat index temperature , because no , there is no air conditioning anywhere but in certain night restaurants and in the hotel rooms .
we were there from the time we arrived to the hotel until the time we got our room key , which was approximately six hours , while one of the hallway sharks that tries to ironically sell you a ??embership? ? got a piece of our mind . when we were finally given the key to our room , this train/tram - like transportation bus that passes every 15 minutes ( try 30-45) took us to the stop closest to our destination .
it was at that point that we became aware that our room had been ready for hours , and as one of the maids told us , our room was the first one to be ready that morning . the rooms aren?? bad , there are 12 rooms back - to - back in each two - story villa surrounded by a breathtaking landscape , but none of them had running water at our arrival .
there were no towels either , because towels seem to be a luxury that you don?? necessarily get entitled to everyday .
later on during the week , we learned that the hot water heater gets turned off at approximately 10:00pm and doesn?? come on ??ill next afternoon .
one day after coming back late from a tour , we called the front desk and inquired about this problem .
the person who answered the phone the first time asked us to have the hot water running for a long while , that ??ventually it will get hot? ?
the second time we called , we requested a maintenance guy , who surprisingly showed up , but he said that the repair had to wait ??ill the next day . with the exception of most restaurant personnel and cleaning crews , the attention you get is deplorable .
the first three nights of our stay it rained .
the train - bus was the only mean of transportation between villas and restaurants because the long and slippery stamped concrete roads had flooded due to poor design and lack of maintenance .
at the arrival to the stop , the train came with the plastic covers that prevent passengers from getting wet rolled up .
these covers are permanently attached , and can easily be rolled down to keep seats and passengers dry .
but why would the driver get wet , we said , if the poor man isn?? even provided with a raincoat ?
we were all formally dressed as required by these over - rated reservation restaurants , and needless to say , we had to let the train go in hopes that as it would get to the tropical covered station , the driver would have a chance to bring these covers down , and maybe dry the seats .
35 minutes later , the train was back the same way it had left when we let it go the first time .
we gave - up on our reservation for that night and decided on waiting ??ill the rain stopped to eat in one of the many other fly - infested restaurants of the meli? caribe tropical resort . this is not fiction , and i sincerely hope that mr . manfred reads the complaint we filed with mr . eduardo garcia , head of customer service , where we denounced all these irregularities in addition to the decomposed lobster served to us at the capri restaurant . we had read posted complaints like this one about meli? caribe tropical resort , but with all honesty , it was just too much to be considered credible .
on the other hand , there were other reviews from people that had enjoyed themselves intensely , and had mentioned the fun they had with all these ??ater sports? ? and ??orseback riding? ? activities that sounded really contradicting .
we just had to witness it ourselves and share it with other guests that we also met during our stay to make our own conclusions .
by the way , no discounts on water sports for being a hotel guest .
if you want an hour of jet ski , prepare to pay us $120.00. the question of why would any institution put its name behind ( and in this case in front ) of such a messed - up operation like this one , and allow these stories to spread out without an apparent effort of correction still remains . i must not end this review without thanking the tripadvisor site for allowing all of us to make public our independent and unbiased opinions .
dance of the flies this was the vacation to hell ! needless to say i will advise anyone planning a vacation to this place to look for another hotel .
we did read all the bad reviews and were prepared for diarrheas and such .
just by looking at the flies and more flies , plus all that food sitting in hot and humid surroundings . . . then we knew we were in for a careful vacation ; we tried to stay away from the buffets , only drank bottled water and were careful in general and still got violently sick .
this happenned to the entire family , and still a week later some of us still have the effects .
i believe the resort management is aware of this problem but yet do not address it .
improper food handling as well as lack of higiene are the main causes for this on going problem at the melia caribe .
i would not recommend it .
i agree with the ??anted : refund? ? writer .
getting a reservation at one of the ala carte restaurants was next to impossible .
i started calling at 8:00 a . m . which is the suggested time to call and couldn?? get through for a good ? hour .
when i did get through i was told most of the restaurants were booked already .
i argued with the women that i was on vacation and didn?? want to beg to get a dinner reservation .
she suggested the buffets that were awful .
i arrived on saturday , by monday i started feeling ill .
i developed a fever that lasted till tuesday night accompanied by diarrhea that i?? still recovering from a week and ? later .
there were many sick people other then me there .
i felt especially bad for the children .
in order to go to dinner you had to walk 20 minutes to a half hour in the humidity and heat .
there is a tram you can take but you have to wait just as long as it takes to walk and only if you??e lucky there was a seat available .
make sure you bring comfortable shoes .
forget heels !
there were little tiny black bugs crawling around the bathroom , desk , coffee table , anywhere that was a flat surface i noticed these thing , which lead me to believe they were in my bed when i slept .
it made for a very restless sleep .
babysitting your towel at the pool or beach every day wasn?? fun either .
if someone walked off with your towel the hotel would charge you for it .
if you like to be pampered forget about it .
no room service , no coffee for the coffee pot provided , you had to get your own cups and milk at the bar and bring it back to your room .
no bar on the beach either .
you had to leave the beach to get a drink of water .
the up side was the grounds , beach and pool were absolutely beautiful .
i wish i felt well enough to enjoy it .
i truly wouldn?? recommend this place .
like the ??anted refund? ? writer said ??ll that glitters isn?? always gold? ?
do not even bother if you do not mind the ants in your bathroom , the beds with no bedspreads , no alarm clock in your room , toilets that do not flush or the fact that you ca not get a reservation at the restaurant of your choice , then this is the hotel for you ! !
although i too read the reviews , i booked here for a week vacation with my family ; i thought maybe these people are exaggerating .
no ! they 're not ! yes , the grounds are beautiful !
the pools were great .
the beach was gorgeous .
the lobby is breathtaking .
the service stinks !
it took 3 hours to check in .
the hotel is grossly understaffed !
the room was not made until 5 pm some days .
the waiters ran around like chickens without heads .
there were 2 bartenders at the pool bar .
the food - -please do not let me get started ! ! ! ! ! !
i was not expecting world class cuisine , but really .
my husband , father - in - law and my kids are still dealing with diarrhea !
the dinner reservation system is ridiculous .
the only restaurants worth eating in are always full .
the buffets were better than the a la carte restaurants we ate in : mexican , italian , steakhouse .
even the drinks at the bar were lousy .
either there was no liquor or the bartenders poured it all on the top .
there are definitely better resorts - -look into another ! ! !
the worst vacation ever ! ! ! ! !
all of the horror stories people wrote about this resort i too experienced .
i visited the dominican republic last year , stayed at another resort , paid half the money and had triple the enjoyment .
there is no security on this resort , so you are completely at the mercy of the hotel staff .
someone in my party had her purse stolen from her beach chair .
when we went to report the incident to the front desk , they pretended to have no knowledge of the missing purse .
we asked for a report to be filed to make an insurance claim and the hotel staff refused .
in fact , they implied that we were filing a false report .
they also alleged the police do not come on their property .
after making a lot of noise , the purse magically showed up .
the next catastrophe was when i was injured on one of the tours that the hotel representative insisted we book with him .
not only did the tour guides refuse to get me immediate medical attention when my hand was crushed between 2 atvs , but when i finally arrived back to the hotel , no one would file a report or get me to a hospital .
they alleged that the hospital located on their property was not affiliated with the hotel .
i had to wait an extra day in severe pain to get back to new york for medical attention .
another issue is that the hotel alleged reservations could be made for the better restaurants on the resort by calling 24hours in advance .
the number they tell you to call was always busy .
therefore , we were subjected to the buffet style dining for the 5 days we were there .
unfortunately for us , we were sick for 6 days after the trip .
the buffet food was not good , which left us hungry most of the time at this all inclusive resort .
to make matters worst , there were flies all over the food in the buffet restaurants .
there are ants all over the walls in the rooms and in the bed .
there is no night life on this resort or daytime activities .
there is nothing to do but hang out by the pool .
i traveled with 3 other single women and we were all in bed by 9pm each night .
beware of this resort ! ! !
worst holiday ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
we have just returned from our annual holiday , this was the worst holiday i have ever been on .
this is not a five star hotel and would strongly recommend that if you want to go to the dominican choose another resort .
when we arrived at the hotel they had no record of us booking and after showing them our confirmation and booking details they gave us a key to our room .
we were booked into the tropical however , got a room at the caribe side of the resort .
the room was alot smaller than i expected and came with complementary spiders and flying ants who had us for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
we could not sit outside as we were looking onto a building site which also acted as a morning alarm clock .
food was very very poor and both myself and my partner were in bed for 4 days with sickness and diaorreah and could not leave the apartment .
we have been home afew days now and are still both really ill and will be seeking compensation for this holiday that we saved hard for , only to be disappointed .
i could go on and on about the slow service , the diluted wine , the re - heated food , the lack of toilets , the waiting staff  bar staff who could not be bothered to serve us unless you tipped them beforehand .
breakfast was dinners re - heated food even the cakes , coffee was hard to get in the morning and sometimes we never got a cup .
getting a dinner booking was hard enough and they would tell us they were full but when we were in a restauraunt they were never full and this really annoyed me as on a few occassions they told us we could not get a table and we had to go to the buffet restauraunt which was damn awful ! ! ! ! wine was served in a small sherry style glass , 3 sips and it was done .
entertainment was a joke and i have seen better school plays .
the pool , beach and grounds of the hotel were absolutley stunning and i could not fault the way it looked .
pitty the inside was not as good ! ! ! ! stay clear from this hotel ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i would not give it 3 stars ! ! ! ! ! !
five days of agony the absolute worst vacation ever ! !
i strongly recommend if you are an american stay far aware from this place .
i travelled to the melia caribe tropical from 6/24 to 6/28 five of the worst days of my life .
we arrived and attempted to check in , but there was no budging on the 3:00 check in .
we got to our room , which was requested non smoking only to open the door and smelled nothing but stale nasty old smoke .
after 2 hours of arguing the staff finally moved us to a new room , which when we opened the balcony curtains and saw the new villa being built , our alarm clock each morning was hammering of nails and sawing of wood , nice huh ?
i could go on forever , but do not have the energy to relive this adventure again .
i will also mention if you book dinners make sure the air conditioning was working , the japanese and chinese restaraunts were both very hot and made it impossible to enjoy the meal .
also make sure your plumbing is working when you get to the room , our 's did not work the entire time there , not very pleasant , and look out for the ants they were on the floor and in the bed . lastly if you are looking for an adult vacation steer clear as there were many children who were not very well behaved or supervised .
if you like to get robbed , this is the place with in the first 5 mins of being at the hotel , it was broken into and the safe was stolen .
thank god i did not put anything in it .
the nerve of this place , the security manager then tried toblame it on me ! !
he said this never happened and actually tried to arrest me !
his name is poncheco or something , what an idiot .
this ruined the whole vacation .
he actually thought i traveled all the way there with my girlfriend to try and scam them .
i will never set foot on that island again , bunch of rude , stealing people .
please be careful if you go , they look for people with jewerly and nice watches , which we both have !
this place should somehow fall off the island and sink !
low e ahhh , the melia tropical .
i thought that it would be so nice and relaxing .
all i was looking forward to was decent food , some sun and a little relaxation .
unfortunately , all i got was a little sun . 3 complaints1.
the food was awful every day ( cold and soggy buffets , mediocre italian food - french  japanese were good . )2.
everything was sooooo far away .
not even a nice stroll , more like a hike .3.
overall the service was poor .
they was no management in any of the restaurants and it seemed like no one really cared .
on a side note , the french restaurant and the japanese restaurant had good service .
do not waste your money here , there are plenty of other places to go to .
disappointing vacation ! ! ! very , very disappointed .
our group of 21 had nothing but problems .
the grounds are beautiful , exceptional large beach with plenty of trees for shade , large spacious pools , ( this is what gets the 1 star ) , but the grounds are to large and walking on the wet walkways were slippery ( with signs posted everywhere , explaining this to you but they are still trecherous when wet ) trams coming every 15 minutes , getting from one side of the hotel to the other took us 20-25 minutes .
food is terrible , terrible , terrible .
service is very lousy , most workers do not understand english , rooms have problems and they do not fix them , towels are hard to come by in the rooms , a few of ours were not cleaned by evening , requesting anything took forever .
almost everyone we spoke to either at this hotel or others were very disappointed with punta cana .
as a resort island the dominicans to not have there act together yet and need someone to show them how to run a resort .
we travel every christmas with many friends and have never had problems like this hotel .
there is nothing to do at night ( our grown children were so bored ) just gambling and drinking ! ! ! think before you come here , there are so many nice islands to visit for vacation .
yech simply , hated it .
the place is beautiful , the rooms pretty and large , the food horrible , the service sucks and the all inclusive seems to drive the partygoers to levels of drunken behavior reminscent of freshman frat parties .
i stayed one night and left immediately and returned to the punta cana resort - much better .
not at your service i just returned from a weekend stay at the melia and was impressed with the beauty of this truly , tropical paradise .
this is a romantic place to go if you 're honeymooning and in love .
i have to say , though , that the service and staff at the hotel need much improvement .
the front desk staff , although attempting to be friendly , really need to be able to speak english .
they do not understand what you 're saying and they yes you to death .
they also should give you a thorough orientation and explain that this is a very large property and you can get lost .
knowing that there are two reception areas and two trains would have helped .
after check - in we walked the huge grounds of the property in the dark , in the rain , looking for our rooms for a good 1/2 hour because the choo choo train driver told us it was ok to get off here ( it was not ) .
again , staff who understand english would help .
we ran into so many guests wandering around just as lost as we were , asking each other if they knew where this room was or that room was .
it was crazy .
i also ca not believe the cavalier attitude of the front desk staff when we asked why one of our room keys no longer worked .
he actually laughed while he went to investigate .
being locked out of your room is no laughing matter .
the staff needs to show concern when an issue is raised , not laught it off .
the absolute worst part of the stay was being walked in on by a bellhop while i was standing half - naked getting dressed in my room .
he did not bother to knock at all , he just opened the door with a master key , thinking the room was empty .
he had two other guests and their luggage with him and he was bringing them into my room !
i 've never been so embarrassed in my life .
he walked in on my friend across the hall too , who was also getting dressed .
again , when we complained to management , there was that air of unconcern .
as a marriott hotel , i 'm really shocked at this level of service .
needless to say , i wo not ever be back .
no fun !
my husband and i stayed at the resort in november and i also felt that the staff was rude and did not really care if our needs were met .
there was no organization and the maid service was not very good .
there was alot of food but really nothing good to eat .
i would not go back to vacation here and would recommend anyone to consider spending their money and time elsewhere .
vacation from hell my wife and i have just returned from our vacation from hell on november 16, 2003.
although we did not experience travellers diarrhea or other third world maladies , we did experience systemic problems with this hotel .
first , the staff in most part does not speak english and treats most americans like second class cattle .
even though my wife speaks spanish and was born in the dominican republic they were yessing us to death when we complained .
second , this hotel cuts costs in the most unhealthy manner .
for instance , i marked every sheet and pillow case in conspicuous fashion only to find out that the maids are under a strict but tacit policy not to change the sheets daily .
also , forget about the cleanliness of the food handlers since they do not follow any regimen of proper food handling .
and , washing after going to the bathroom . . . forget about it .
i was at this hotel for nine days and personally witnessed at least one dozen food handlers go to the bathroom while i was doing my business and observed that they did not wash their hands after they did their business and then followed them back to their food prepatory areas only to see them handle the food . . . now , how disgusting , unsanitary and potentially dangerous is that ?
most of the parents who brought children were complaining about the mold in their rooms as well as the stale air being pushed through the air conditioning vents .
and , the biting insects especially the mosquitos . . . all we had to do was to just look at our fellow guests who were eaten alive as we were despite daily doses of peet and other repellents .
the hotel does not properly fumigate , and the little fumigation it does do was ineffective .
and , the bugs were omnipresent especially on the food .
i would strongly recommend against bringing children to this hotel out of fear for their safety .
of course there were a few shining moments the best being taken by taxi to the airport for our return to jfk .
this place is a tragedy .
please please dont go its not worth it arrived at the hotel around 3pm 07/03 only to find out that they had overbooked and didnt have a room for us after 2 hours of insisting that we had a reservation and that we confirmed everything the day before our arrival .
their response was to bad no rooms and shipped us of to the catalonia hotel which was a night mare in itself .
they told us that this hotel had everything that the melia had well that was the first lie of many more to come .
and if you think this was the only time this happened your mistaken the following day 160 people from miami arrived at the catalonia ( better known as hotel hell ) yep you guessed it they all had reservations at the melia .
my advise to any one that is planing a trip to punta cana is to change your plans if it cost you a few dollors it will be worth the expense . ps
if you do deside to go please take alot of pepto bismo with you you are almost destined to get ill !
horrible resort my boyfriend and i just came back from staying at the melia caribe tropical for 10 nights .
what a waste of money !
the service was horrible and the food was horrendous !
we got sick to our stomachs from the food , starting from our second night to out last day there .
i think that they just keep the food lying out and it probably collects bacteria or goes bad , especially their red meat .
i think that management does not know how to run this resort , maybe b/c it is too big .
a weekly list of restaurants were given to us so we would know which ones were open for dinner .
three nights we went to certain restaurants that were supposed to be open , and were either closed b/c of a private party , or they just rudely , decided to close it and not tell the guests .
when we questioned why the restaurant list was given to us and it was wrong , they responded well we have 10 other restaurants on our grounds .
yeah , they have many restaurants , but they are not all open the same day , and we had to exclude most of them , b/c we got sick !
it also rained for half our trip .
the water was clear , but there was a lot of grassy looking seaweed in there .
the three different train lines ( blue , yellow and green ) got annoying , especially when , the resort decides to stop running a train and leaves us on the other side of the resort .
i read the reviews on trip advisor , before i booked the trip , and should have paid more attention to the negative reviews .
the grounds are beautiful , but overall the many negatives definitely outweigh the beauty of the resorts trees and flowers .
i would not recommend this place to my friends that would like to travel to punta cana .
5 star hotel ?
it was our honneymoon .
we stayed for two weeks at melia caribe .
we both are so sad we chose this hotel .
we even tried to change the flight ( it did not work out ) .
service - bad , slow and they expected to be tipped for everything . food - completely unsanitary ( all those black birds eating and walking on fruits , desserts and cheese at grille turey ) and mostly tasteless .
their juices ( except tomato one ) are made of powder .
and their wines - what a disaster . . .
by the way , at restaurants waiters can easily refill your half - empty glass with a different sort of wine .
once we tried champaign ( on wednesday honneymoon cocktail ) - and we both were sick . i am amazed to read the reviews saying that chinese and japanese are good .
at chinese a waiter took away my plate while i was eating and then we waited for dessert for 20 minutes ( and so we left without dessert ) .
to eat at the japanese restaurant in the evening i had to wait in the line for 1 hour 10 minutes in the morning .
and food was so bad !
so after we went every evening to mexican restaurant which was comparatively acceptable .
at all restaurants we tried drinks mostly arrived at the end of the meal . there was nothing to do in the evening .
it was first vacation in my life when i watched tv in the evening .
it 's called disco - show .
there you are sitting and watching some mediocre dancers opening their mouths to the music and dancing . we had a problem in our room .
ceiling was all wet and the water was coming down on the bed .
it took us so much effort and time to get help .
and bathroom always smelled so bad ! ok , i stop here .
the hotel has nothing to do with five star standards . i do not think that people from the usa will mind my review .
since there is no same site for european travellers - i am submitting my review here .
please do not go to the melia ! please please do not go to this hotel !
the food is simply horrendous - no matter how beautiful the grounds look , how good the golf is or how great the weather is , it just is not worth it ! my wife  i have been traveling for about 16 years to all sorts of destinations and locations .
we have been to st . thomas , st . johns , st . maarten , puerto vallarta , manzanilla ( las hadas ) , hyatt cerrromar in puerto rico , st . lucia , aruba , cancun , etc .
we are very experienced travelers and try to choose ou destination carefully because we save all year to go away for 7-10 days in a special place . we just returned from an 8 day vacation ( ) 4/19 through 4/28 and cannot stress enough how bad the food is .
you would think that it would not matter so much but when you spend most of your time in your room ( on the toilet ) it just is not fun .
wherever we went , ( e . g .
breakfast , casino , beach , shopping ) the main topic of conversation was the food .
several lucky travelers got to leave their trips early without any penalty from the airline .
we would have also except we already spent $2800 and could not afford to spend another couple of hundred dollars to travel outside the scheduled departure date . go figure this one out ( it does not take a genius either ) - the gift shop was sold out of maalox and pepto bismol by tuesday .
unfortunately , for us , we only bought one bottle , figuring that would be enough - but it was not .
by the way , the shelves were fully stocked with ex - lax and phillips milk of magnesia .
ever wonder why people did not buy them yet the shelves were out of maalox ?
we met a couple from louisville kentucky who said their entire group had diarrhea .
and that was 32 people .
they said they could handle breakfast but that was it .
i would have to say the same thing , only because i started to eat sugar pops and frosted flakes , good old us of a cereals .
some people were eating eggs ( cooked very , very well done ) and the bread was ok .
but forget about lunch and dinner .
dinner was incredibly inedible .
please do not ing to write to my travel agent and apple because we have to get some type of remuneration for this catastrophe .
if they gave us a week free there we would not accept it .
we ca not go through that again . i feel sad for my wife , especially , because she does not get paid for taking off work ( i do ) .
she looks forward to this activity most of the year and when it turns out to be such a disaster , i feel responsible because i arrange the vacations .
we are still feeling the effects and hope over the counter medicines will take effect soon . do not hesitate to write me or ask questions on gypsywizardry@aol . com .
i want help you make a better choice than we did .
dad says never coming back i 'm posting this message at my dad 's request .
my parents are on day 2 of their 7 day stay and they are miserable .
the service is absolutely the worst they have encountered anywhere .
they will never recommend this place to anyone .
they were happier coping with the never - ending pennsylvania winter .
a disappointing holiday terrible , terrible , terrible !
beautiful grounds , nice rooms .
nice pools and beautiful beach .
poor quality food .
no customer service ! there were twenty - three in our family group .
each of us had various complaints .
when travelling through this very huge property , we ran into other guests everywhere who were also complaining .
everyone in our group and plenty of others we met while there experienced stomach problems . . . .pain , dihorrea , nausea , etc . management could not care less about complaints , one manager telling us that they are overbooked all the time and people will keep coming anyway so why should he worry .
terrible . . . . . . . another sunquest/alba tours disappointment for us .
the hotel grounds are beautifully landscaped and manicured .
the beach is wonderful and the rooms are of nice size .
there is absolutely no service of any kind at this resort .
the staff speaks minimal english .
the problems started when we checked into the hotel .
i was given a room that was still occupied .
i opened the door with my key and found someone sleeping in the bed .
after finally getting a room , i find out that you are supposed to pick up the remote control at the checkin counter ( and this is a 4 star hotel ) which the checkin person never mentioned .
the resort boasts about the 8 + restaurants that they have .
it is almost impossible to get into any of the restaurants .
every time you attempt to make a reservation , they say that the reservation system is down .
we were finally able to get into 1 restaurant on the last day , after casuing a big scene .
once inside the restaurant the food was good .
all other times we had to eat at the buffett where the food is ok .
beware of the vendors by the pool some of them are dishonest .
my 10 year old daughter purchased a temporary tatto .
she handed the woman $50.
the woman refused to give her back the change claiming she did not give her 50 dollars .
my daughter than returned to the pool and told my wife and myself what happened .
after another big scene , the woman produced the 50 dollar bill and gave us the change .
at this hotel you can complain until you are blue in the face and no one cares .
it seems that people who can speak spanish get slightly better service .
needless to say we will never stay at a melia caribe resort again .
no mas melia caribe !
beautiful property , great beach , good golf course but without a doubt the worse service we have ever been exposed to .
we have stayed at several melia 's and alway had a enjoyable experience .
the staff was unable to express a minimum amount of concern for their guests .
we were aware of guests leaving early due to the bad service and marginal food .
the worst vacation of my life this was the worst vacation .
i had flu and food poisoning .
also , service people were driving pre - revolutionary scooters , which were seriously polluting the facilities , all over the resort .
i spend most of the vacation in my room .
most of the people in the resort had flu , it was a flu season in dominican republic .
also , food and alcohol was so great that people had food poisonings .
this i discovered when i went to the medical center that was full of people .
medical center personnel was not help at all .
service people spoke little english , very close to none .
they were ridding on their pre - revolutionary scooters back and forth .
so if you went for a walk you better listen carefully and be ready to jump away when you here them coming .
you would not smell the roses their , only scooters .
do not waste your time and money if you are a typical american , you expect certain things .
like instructions , someone/anyone who cares if you need or want something , somewhat - timely service , certain amenities , etc .
you will not receive any of these things at this resort .
my husband and i are not overly - demanding ( at least we do not think we are ! ) .
let me give you a few examples .
we arrived about 10 pm .
there were guests sleeping all over the lobby of the hotel .
because they did not have rooms yet .
luckily , we were not one of them .
we wanted to upgrade our room and we were told all the rooms are the same .
we found out on the fifth day of our stay that 's not true .
we went with 26 other people .
two of the couples did not get rooms until the following day !
we were hungry when we arrived and the only place opened was a picked - over buffet ( this was at 10:30 and the place was supposed to close at 11:00) .
if you want coffee , you can get dressed and walk 4 blocks for it - no room service , no in - room coffee makers .
it would have been nice to sit on our balcony and enjoy some java , but by the time you got back with your plastic cup of coffee , it was luke - warm .
okay , you 're not a coffee drinker ?
read on .
restaurants that do not open on time , close early , ask for something 4 or 5 times and never get it , spend 2 hours to eat dinner - you might as well , there 's nothing else to do .
there is a casino , a goofy little disco and the entertainment we saw was pretty poor - certainly not something you would want to spend 7 or 8 nights watching .
there was broken glass under our sheets - oh , if only one of us had only gotten cut ! we were ready to leave - really ready to leave - on monday morning , having been there for only a day and a half .
we began inquiring about late checkout for the following saturday , early in the week .
our flight did not leave until 9:20 pm .
they kept telling us to come back on friday and they would let us know if we could ! ( imagine that ! ) on friday , they said call back tomorrow morning at 10:00 am .
after begging and then threatening , they let us keep our room until 4 pm .
my husband was sick for three days , as were 6 other members of our party .
you cannot drink the water in your bathroom or even brush your teeth or rinse your mouth with it - you must use bottled water .
everyone was very careful about that but still , some got sick - it was not pretty . i knew it was topless , but did not really expect to see people actually changing clothes on the beach and at the pool .
well , to each his own , i guess .
( i felt like i was back at hedonism ) .i would not waste my time or money on this place .
true , the dominican republic is a beautiful island , jurassic park was filmed there , but some people will tell you it is not safe to go traveling around , others will tell you it is .
it 's no cancun or key west , you 'll be able to tell that on the bus ride from the airport if you decide to go .
that 's my review .
go if you want , but you 've been warned .
other visitors to other resorts said their trips were wonderful ( people we talked to at the airport ) - but believe me , the melia caribe was not .
the worst vacation ever if this is a 5 star resort then bob evans will start taking reservations for dinner .
bad service , overbookings galore , ca not get into the good restaruntes and worst of all . . . vacation express and how they are dealing with this mess .
i will never use vacation express for any travel again and hope none of you do either .
they wo not even respond to my phone calls or letters . beware 
disappointed we arrived at melia caribe tropical on 6/24/02.
when we arrived at approx .
12:00 noon , we were told that we could not get into our rooms until 3:00pm , but that we could change into our bathing suits , head down to the pool , and our luggage would be placed in a secure room .
they tagged our luggage and we went to the pool .
at 5:15pm , we returned to the check - in counter to get room keys only to find that our luggage was still sitting at curbside unattended where it had been left over 5 hours ago .
when we got to the room , we only had one bed in a room that was booked for 2 adults and 2 children .
i had to call the front desk , and i was told that a cot would be brought over . 2 hours later , after we returned from dinner , they had not delivered the cot yet .
i had to place a 2nd call .
the next morning , when i took a shower , i found that no soap had been left in the room , and there were not enough bath towels for everyone in the room .
there were never enough towels left in the room the entire week .
sometimes the maid would leave a hand towel , and sometimes not , and we did not see a washcloth the entire week . the resort was beautiful , but too large .
it was about a 15 min .
walk from our room to the pool/beach area .
on one day , our kids slept late , and missed breakfast .
i took my 8 yr .
old down to see if i could get her something to eat .
they were cleaning up and getting ready for lunch .
when i explained the situation , and asked if they could get her a roll or something to tide her over until lunch , the only reply i got was that everything was put away .
after asking several times , and finally threatening to go into the kitchen myself if they did not help me ( after all , when you pay over $3000.00 for an all - inclusive resort , getting a roll for a hungry child is not too unreasonable request i think ) , they still would not get her anything .
i walked into the kitchen , and when i walked through the door , there were 2 large bins full of rolls just inside the door .
i grabbed a couple of them , and walked out amidst the workers yelling at me in spanish .
on the last day of our vacation , the maid stole my wifes engagement ring and wedding ring ( we were in a rush that morning , and she mistakenly left them on the counter by the sink in the bathroom ) .
the rings were never recovered , and although the hotel staff acted like they were doing everything they could to help me , now that i 'm gone , i ca not even get them to help me get a copy of the police report ( i do not speak spanish , and no one in the police staion speaks english ) .
i will never go back to the dominican republic , and that decision was made before the rings were stolen .
not the vacation spot you would expect ! ! !
the grounds and the hotel are beautiful !
however , the food was horrible - lost 6 lbs .
had to go to mcdonalds as soon as we got off the plane .
staff in hotel does not speak any english .
not only that , but one of the people in my party had $700 stolen right out of the safe in room .
housekeeping went through the luggage and found the key to the safe which was hidden in the luggage and stole the money .
hotel denies ! ! ! !hotel has keyless entry that logs who was in room and proved housekeeping was in the room .
hotel manager gave the run a round for two days until just before we had to get on the bus to leave and totally denied and re - wrote statement that was given to head of hotel .
melia ? . . . you pay and . . .overbooked !
me , my husband and my daughter flied to punta cana on the 23th july 2002.
we had booked and paid a seven nights vacation at the melia but guess what happened to us , and a lot more people that had done the same , at our arrival at punta cana ? the local travel agent and a member of the public relations of melia , mr . rodrigo padilla , came to speak to us ( only 7 of us , us included , but not to the others , to them they only spoke long hours after ) and told us that unfortunately the hotel had a problem of overbooking and we had to be placed somewhere else , the catalonia bavaro ( which was quite good ) . incredible , is not it ?
but it 's true ! the point here is that we paid for something that we did not get , it 's like when you paid for a certain car and when you pick it up they give you another one .
maybe the cost is the same , maybe the quality is the same , or even better , but we are not talking about money , we 're talking about what you bought and what they gave you . there was no point in going on arguing with mr . padilla , we wanted to enjoy our vacation and we would talk about this matter when we would be back in portugal , so we left for the catalonia . but the story does not end up here . . .two days later we asked our travel agent in catalonia - domintour - to book us a visit to santo domingo and she said we did not have to pay anything because melia was going to pay for it .
the next day we got there again to collect the tickets , and guess what ?
melia had written a letter for us to sign where they apologized for what had happened ( but at the same time it said that it were us who asked for the letter ) and they intennded to pay us the visit if we agreed to free them for all the inconvenience of having to stay in another hotel and in no way we would blame them for what had happened !
of course that none of the portuguese in the same situation signed any letter or even accepted their free excursion .
melia was disgusting ! as a conclusion , we did not stay at the melia and we will never stay at any m?lia .
they should be ashamed of their behaviour : alexandra sampaiops .
- as far as we got to know it 's their usual pratice to work overbokoed it is said they worked with a 110% booking . . . 
beautiful beach , terrible service my boyfriend and i just returned from a trip to the melia caribe tropical from 6/28-7/4.
the first day was a nightmare .
we were originally supposed to arrive at the hotel around noon , however , our original flight was canceled and half our luggage was lost , etc . , so we did not get to the resort until 8 p . m .
of course this was not the resort 's fault , but you can imagine all we wanted to do was check - in , shower and eat dinner .
because we were supposed to be there at noon and it was now 8 p . m . , we figured our room was definitely ready for us . the check - in line only had two people in front of us , but it took forever .
finally , after checking in , we were given our keys , towel passes , a remote control ?
( why do not they just leave those in the room ) and a safe key .
the lady said to take our luggage to the porters and do not be alarmed if they do not deliver them immediately , they will eventually arrive .
this made me a little skeptical , as the airline had already lost some of our luggage .
she did not give us clear instructions on how to find the rooms , but at least she spoke english .
we made our way to the porters and none of them spoke any english , which made things difficult .
as we were trying to tell them what room we were in , the check - in lady comes running over and explains that the previous people had just checked out of our room and that it needed to be cleaned .
she asked us to wait 10 minutes . we sat in the lobby and waited for about 20 minutes .
i finally went back to the counter and explained to another desk person that we wanted a room .
he went into a back room and appeared about 5 minutes later with a new room number .
we made our way back to the porters to give them the new room number .
then two porters started speaking to each other and although i do not speak spanish , i gathered from the pointing that the other group of people standing next to us had just given them the same room number !
so the porter goes and gets the check - in person .
once again , we were told to wait .
the check - in person went back into the back room .
i was not happy at that point . finally , 10 minutes later , they come back with a third room number .
we gave the porters this new room number and aimlessly started looking for our room because they did not give us clear directions .
we finally find our room , enter the key card , and it does not work and we can hear that people are in the room .
i was furious .
my boyfriend and i agreed that he should stay there in case they brought our luggage while i went back to the lobby to get a fourth room ! when i got back to the lobby and explained that this was the fourth time and this was ridiculous , the desk person made it seem like i was upset for no reason .
he said i was on vacation and should enjoy myself !
i wanted to scream that maybe i could be enjoying myself if we could get a room .
i asked to speak to a manager and was told that the manager knew of the situation .
the desk person asked where my husband was .
i told him that i left him at the room in case our luggage was delivered .
the manager finally comes out and briefly apologizes .
he asked me to wait three minutes .
( note : 1 dominican republic minute equals about 15 minutes ) .
i asked if i should go get my husband because he was waiting for me at the other room .
they said to leave him there while they got us another room .
after way more than 3 minutes , they come back with a fourth room , said they ensured it was ready , and said a porter would take me to it .
there was more confusion with where they sent my boyfriend and our luggage that i wo not go into detail about , but you get the picture . the cleaning person was still cleaning the room when we got there .
there was no comforter or towels and he said he 'd be back in 5 minutes and never returned .
the air conditioning also was not working .
we called about the a/c , towels and comforter four different times .
after about an hour , we got the towels and nothing else .
we showered and went to the mexican buffet for dinner at almost 11 p . m .
when we got there , we were ignored and not seated , even though there were plenty of waiters standing around doing nothing .
every time we asked to be seated , no one spoke english .
the food was mediocre .
when we returned to our room over an hour later , the a/c still had not been fixed . when we went to make dinner reservations the next day , we were told everything was booked except two nights and one of the nights was at 9:45 p . m .
the other available spot was for the italian restaurant that was previously a buffet , which we had already eaten at , but we took it anyway .
oddly , even though everything was supposedly booked , both restaurants were not even half full the whole time we ate there .
the food was good , not great .
the service was horrible .
we were not approached by a waiter until about 15 minutes after being seated .
it took them forever to get our drink orders , napkins ( none were on our table ) , etc .
most people barely spoke any english . luckily , the beach was beautiful .
the water is crystal clear .
one of the days , there was a school of fish swimming around us and we could see them perfectly .
the sand is very white .
the landscaping on the resort is impeccable .
they were constantly mowing , trimming , etc . the whole time we were there . here 's a tip : bring your own towels .
every day we went to get towels , they were out .
they would tell us to come back in half an hour , but they never had towels .
we spent a whole day going back and forth and never got towels . another tip : avoid buying anything in the gift shops at the resort .
a disposable camera and a bag of chips was $26.
two small bottled waters and immodium was $17. batteries and a bottle of aloe vera was $12. i was disappointed with the resort , but i will say the beautiful beach and great weather we had at least made up for some of it .
do not stay at melia caribe tropical i stayed at the melia caribe tropical resort in punta cana from june 22nd to the 28th 2002.
my room was on the caribe side #3125.
i had a terrible vacation and experience with this resort .
i have a list of reasons as to why i had an awful time and would not recommend anyone to stay at this resort , i will also be telling the travel agent at liberty travel about my experience .
when we arrived the bell boys were taking our luggage to another room and had to chase them down to stop them to retrieve our belongings because we could not speak to them due to the fact that the majority of help did not speak english at all , which was a problem for us .
we had requested a bungalow and was told at check in that it was never requested , we had it documented on our tickets but that was of no help to us because there were none available .
once in the resort , a man met us to give us our room key and said do not drink the tap water and do not use your credit card .
then we were off tofind our room ourselves with no help from anyone .
it was like walkingthrough a maze .
once in our room , our luggage did not arrive for about anhour and a half later .
we could not change into shorts or a bathing suit todo anything .
the next day we had to wait in line for over and hour to make dinner reservations because they only had one person doing reservations for the entire resort and you could not phone in your reservations .
no one cleaned the room each day till in between 4pm -5pm .
they would come with one towel , which we ended up having to share because we would call down for more and they were never delivered .
we also called to say that the light in the shower was broke and no one in the 6 nights and 7 days came to fix .
we went without power for over 7 hours on june 27th which of couse meant no air conditioning .
for our room it also meant no flushing toilets .
8 rooms ending up being 2 inches under water due to septic overflow .
those rooms were directly below us .
that water included feces and urine which stunk beyond belief .
the horrible remains of human feces stench in 90 degree weather and above was unbearable .
you can imagine thesmell ! ! the food was horrid and i would not serve it to my dog .
we used a phone card and then when we checked out found out that we had to pay a 135.00 phone bill .
i was completely disappointed with my entire trip and would never recommend anyone to stay at any of the resorts of the sol melia . dissatisfied customer , kathleen walshjwalsh3804@aol . com
do not eat club med 's food - i ended up in the hospital ! ! do not ever stay at club med anywhere ! ! ! my boyfriend , a physician , and i spent new year 's eve 08 at the club med in punta cana and i only ate the resorts ' food .
i had severe food poisoning and spent 2 days in the hospital where i ended up w/severe edema , fluid in my lungs , and congestive heart failure . my boyfriend also had food poisoning , but , not as severe .
there was another french family there and all four of them had severe food poisoning as well .
when we complained , the manager basically said he ca not do anything about it and we would have to call when we got back home .
we were sick for weeks after . club med did not assist us and wo not refund our money or give us any discounts on trips . we paid extra for their insurance and now they want us to pay them back over a thousand dollars - they said they gave us a cash advance when they paid our hospital bill ! ! please do not ever stay at a club med , the french do not care , if this happened at an american resort , we would have been assisted immediately and refunded our $10,000 trip . also , the rooms are old and so incredibly small . the
toilet is the size of a closet .
not worth a $10,000 one week trip . go somewhere else ! ! !
never again never again . . . . . we were a group of 10 people . . . .there to celebrate grandparents 75th birthday .
upon arrival we were greeted at the airport with go 's who quickly tagged us with color coded bracelets .
my daughter , 16 and my niece 18 were given the same color bracelets as the rest of the adults . . . not thinking anything of this since they had been charged as adults , we went along our business of checking in to the resort .
three hours later , the rooms were not what we had confirmed and they were musty and none of us were together . . . all three rooms split up .
back to the bracelets . . . .my daughter went off to order a diet coke when a bartender refused to serve her as he insisted that she was not an adult and was wearing the wrong bracelet .
he accused her of trying to obtain alcohol when in fact she had no intentions of doing so .
when he said come with me she refused and came to get us .
he would not listen to either my husband or myself and then refused to serve any of us .
he actually thought we were permitting and assisting her with this so called game we placed a formal complaint but that only made matters worse .
the go 's were unpleasant toward us for the rest of the week . most importantly , the language barrier is ridiculous .
if you do not speak french you are in for a bad time .
the property was full of french people and the anti - american sentiment was in full swing ! !
they hate americans ! !
they called my son and his cousin fat americans ( none of us are fat by the way ) and refused to let them in any group activities .
we all felt like outcasts at this resort . the food was not good and we were all sick . do not know what else to say . . . .oh , yes , they deliberately turn off the power at night while you are sleeping to conserve energy . . . it was very difficult to sleep without air . . . not much of a breeze if any through the small windows of the rooms .
to sick to enjoy well , apparently there is some serious food posioning or bug that is going around the resort .
many people were very sick .
i spent much of my time in the room . the beach was beautiful . . . the discovery excursion amazing . . . , but the staff was unaccomodating .
all in all a very disappointing experience .
buyer beware of club med ! ! !
we had a horrible experience with club med prior to even leaving on our trip .
anyone travelling to a club med resort understands that you pay a premium .
i thought that the premium price would include quality service and accommodations .
not so much !
shortly after we booked our trip , public health issued an advisory regarding a malaria outbreak .
we were travelling with a 17- month child , and so i consulted with her paediatrician .
although he prescribed anti - malaria drugs , he was not a huge advocate .
when my travel agent asked to have us changed to resort at another location , they flat out refused .
so , i wrote them a letter and they contacted my travel agent to offer an 'exception ' - they were willing to send us to another resort for a mere $1034 more per person ( we would lose the airfare ) .
they did not even extend the coutesy of contacting me directly .
i called them back , and the person that i spoke to insisted that there no outbreak and that travellers are always at risk of disease when travelling to a tropical island .
basically , she denied the increased risk but would not put that in writing .
not only were they unaccommodating , she was rude , curt and disrespectful .
the bottom line is that we were forced to go or lose our money .
it reminded me that we had booked a club med vacation to the ivory coast about five years ago when a revolution broke out .
my travel agent called them to inquire on the situation , and again , at that time they insisted that the resort was safe .
they were willing to send me to a war zone .
five years ago i was able to collect cancellation insurance but that did not apply in this case .
they have since closed the resort .
once we were on the resort , we made the best of it .
giving my daughter the medication was a feat .
she had a horrible rash .
the food and accommodations were mediocre at best .
the beach front is disappointing - there is a fair bit of flora that collects on the shoreline .
although it looks picturesque . . . looks can be deceiving .
the only positive thing that i can mention is that their children 's facilities were good .
there was ample entertainment for kids .
the gos on the other hand were more interesting in entertaining each other than their guests .
final words are that club med is more interested in profits than their guests? ? safety .
looks better on paper i was extremely disappointed at this resort to the extent that i wanted to leave a few days before my vacation was over .
i have traveled a lot and been to other all inclusive resorts and this is the first time i 'm disappointed .
let me give you the reasons why , i don?? even know where to start .1) when
we arrived the front desk staff gave us our room that seemed very far on the map .
i asked for a room that was not 1 mile away from everything but she was reluctant even though i was firm and persistent .
they ignored my request and made it very difficult to get my room changed stating that there were no other rooms available that day .
they kept telling me to come back the next day and the next day , until my vacation was over .
meanwhile we had to walk in the heat .
i got a new blister every day .
the rooms are far from everything so take good walking shoes and be ready to walk in the heat .
2) our toilet flooded three times .
by the third time i asked to speak with the manager and they offered to move us to another room .
that never happened .
we packed and got ready to move and even though we called the front desk several times , we never received a call back .
we were left packed , waiting , and very upset .
since we were leaving the next day , i decided to just write a letter to the management team , who never responded ( as expected ) .
3) the gos were friendly but it was obvious that the european guests received preferential treatment .
if you don?? speak french , you will have to take the second - best place because the french are the golden guests of punta cana .
4) if you want to experience the dominican culture this is not the place for you but if you want to experience the french culture you will get your monies worth .
i felt as if i was in france and not the dominican republic .
i guess they saved me a trip to france .
5) they have great activities but they all happen at the same time so if you want to play tennis you can?? take the dancing lessons .
you have to choose one or the other .
6) my biggest annoyance was the unfriendly french or canadian go who works at the tour desk .
she was very unhelpful when we went to ask her for information about the tours .
she had an attitude , not once but twice , and failed to tell us that there were no tours on the weekend so we missed our santo domingo tour .
very unhelpful person who really needs to reconsider her profession .
7) the food was okay but not impressive .
overall , i did not enjoy myself and i don?? recommend it to anyone !
there are better , less expensive , friendlier , all - inclusive resorts that make you feel welcome and satisfied .
malaria outbreak mishandled very disappointed by club med management .
booked one week stay for this january '05 at club med punta cana on 11/23 for wife and 3 year old .
the us centers for disease control issues a malaria outbreak notice for punta cana the very next day on 11/24.
club med waits until literally x - mas eve to notify me of same , and then only indirectly by issuing new travel voucher to its booking agent with cryptic one sentence advising that we should check cdc website .
of course , by waiting until x - mas eve to notify us , club med makes sure we are within 30 day window for travel ( thereby maximizing its cancellation charges ) , ruins our x - mas/new years period , and insures that making alternative vacation plans on short notice will be impossible or prohibitively expensive . response of club med managment to their gracious member ( ie , me . ) ?
basically , club med 's response was it has not done anything actionable as a matter of law or , stated otherwise , tough luck we already have your money and we do not have to give it back .
oh , lest i forget , giving the anti - malarial medication to a 3 year old is apparently not the best idea in the world and my wife has a medical condition which precludes her from taking the medication . given fact that club med punta cana caters almost entirely to families with toddlers and pre - teens , one would - - at a minimum - - expect more from managment in terms of sensitivity to malaria outbreak in punta cana ( like they could have notified me before they took my money , instead of waiting more than a month ) .
yes , club med may have satisfied its technical legal obligations but , in my book at least , they violated the very spirit and notion of the gracious member concept that they created and spend alot of advertising money on trying to maintain . too bad , this is one customer that club med has lost forever .
there are just too many other choices out there for more upscale all - inclusive resorts with kids camps , sports activities etc to go back to a company that appears to have lost its way ( and spirit ) .
club med needs to clean up it 's act !
i returned a week ago from club med punta cana .
it could have been a great vacation if clean were in club med 's vocabulary .
i realize that islands are islands and not home , but i do not think that it is fair to expect paying guests to have bugs in their rooms .
i saw those little ants in the bathrooms , in the closet where my clothes were hanging and on the beds !
by the last night of my vacation , i could barely sleep .
also , my daughter became ill while there and was diagnosed with coxsackies virus when we got home .
why does club med allow people to take babies in the pool without swimmies ?
is it too difficult for club med to fumigate the rooms for bugs and put enough chlorine in the pool ?
or are they just trying to cut corners and save money ? after this vacation , i wo not be going to club med again .
parents must read this before booking i have been travelling internationally extensively for over 27 years of my 34 on this earth and have visited the caribbean over 14 times , that 's my experience .
i need to begin by saying that this is not a 4-5 star resort .
i imagine that anyone who rates it as such has not stayed in a 4+ star resort , sorry .
it is a 2.5 at best .
in the interest of being fair , i will list the good aspects first , but do not stop there , please read on , you wo not beleive what you hear .
the good :1.
the pool is massive and has a nice shallow end for the kids .
2. the beach is nice , and not too wavy .
3. beach and pool chairs were not hard to come by .4.
the drinks were easy to come by and made with better than average alcohol .
only one beer available , presidente , not bad .5.
our ocean - view room had a really nice view , although this is highly variable depending on the building you are located in ( we were in cancun building ) 6.
no mosquitos .
the bad :1.
parents beware - - - the kids club was totally unacceptable .
our boys , aged 3+ and 2+ , were reluctant at first , but went along with the program .
we arrived at 9:00 sharp with high hopes for the kids having fun with the others .
all of the other parents basically pushed the kids in the door and turned tail out of there , i guess to minimize the remorse .
i quickly profiled the g . o . s in the club and decided to stay in the background , outside the club , out of sight , for a while .
after approximately 5 minutes our 2 year old came wandering out of the activity room in to the common area and then out the front door into the resort , free .
from here he could have wandered anywhere , rocky ocean coast , pool , anywhere .
i picked him up and returned him to the club to question the g . o . as to why he was unattended and allowed to wander off .
the response in franglish , was dey all cry duh furst day , what ? ! ? !
while i was questioning the lady in charge , theresa , another g . o . was manhandling a 2-3 year old crying child with moderate roughness , taking hold of him with force and throwing him up over her shoulder , pulling down his shorts .
my 3 year old , who is a very reasonable kid and very articulate , said that the ladies had been mean to him .
that was the last of the kids club for us .
really , if i would not leave my kids with strangers in the us why would i leave them with foreigners in a foreign country ?
shame on me for even trying this .
over the next three days , whenever we passed , there was loud screaming and crying eminating from the kids club .
it seemed that the older kids (6+ ) were having fun , but the little ones were in hell .
2. cockroaches the size of my thumb in the bathroom and in the closet .
3. the bathroom was horribly filthy , moldy , smelly .
4. the other guests were primarily french and new jorkers .
previously , i would have considered myself a fan of the french , no more .
they are just plain rude and pushy .
not appealing to a midwestern boy .
the new jorkers would literally push you out of the way to get to the blintzes and bagels .
downright nasty , rude , inconsiderate , loud , obnoxious , foul mouthed new jorkers were everywhere . 5.
the restaurants .
first of all , you are forced to sit with whomever the g . o . s choose to seat you .
usually a french family .
this would be fine , if they had any interest in talking to you but they generally just looked at us with their usual disdain for the americans .
i formerly defended the french , despite their terrible reputation in the us , but now i see why i was wrong .6.
the food .
massive quantities of slop .
seriously , tang is not orange juice .
instead of wine and beer at breakfast , real orange juice would be nice .7.
the room .
very very small .
every piece of furniture had a sharp edge .
the door could not be secured to keep the little ones from opening the door .
the fridge was warmer than the room .
foul odor .
the tv got an italian , french , and spanish channel .
one night i did get a hockey game on espn , but then it was gone .
the resort .
everything is a long walk .
no matter where you are housed .
a stroller is a must .
couples without kids/empty nesters this would be hell for you , screaming kids everywhere .9.
the management .
i attempted to meet with the manager , phillipe , but twice to address concerns regarding the kids club , i was turned away as mr . phillipe is too bizy rot no . if you have booked this dump , try to cancel .
do not book this resort , it is a huge disappointment .
spend a little more money and go to a more americanized resort in a nicer location .
do not trust this hotel - they ruined our vacation before we got there !
my family was excited to stay at this hotel .
we are a normal family from new england and do not consider ourselves at all to be the high maintenance traveler type .
we were traveling with 2 adults and 3 children ages 3,9, and 12.
we booked our flights and were ready to go .
that is until we ran into the brick wall that is the marriot reservation system .
we literally spent 3 days speaking directly with marriot staff regarding our very simple room request - 2 adjoining rooms with 2 double beds in each room - which we needed because of our young children .
we travel extensively and we have never experienced anything like the treatment we received from the marriot staff .
the bottom line is that marriot was going to charge us $6,000 for two rooms ( which we were ready and willing to pay ) , but they could not guarantee that 1) the rooms were adjoining and 2) that each room had 2 double beds .
in an era of computers , i could not believe that they could not grant our request .
i spent hours upon hours speaking with marriot staff and managers at the reservation desk an the front desk at the hotel itself - each time , the story was different .
finally , a reservation agent said we could have a suite with two double beds and a pull out couch , which would have worked well for us in lieu of the 2 double rooms .
but i had not seen this configuration offered on the hotel website so , before i booked it , i asked are you sure the hotel offers this suite configuration .
the answer was a very firm yes we do .
a few minutes after we booked the reservation , the confirmation email arrived and stated that the reservation was for a suite with one king bed and a pull out couch .
my husband and i became so frustrated and distrustful of marriot 's service that we cancelled our plans to go to puerto rico - with our young children , we could not afford to arrive at the hotel with all of the unknowns we faced over the phone .
if this was the honeymoon how as the marriage going to be .
we will never stay at a marriot again based on the gross incompetence that we dealt with while booking our stay .
and we are still mystified that marriot could not confirm a stay with two rooms with double beds in each room - it does not make any sense to us !
nice resort ; but the service was terrible if you are looking for a relaxing time and a hassle free check in this is not the resort for you .
i traveled to san juan on july 27 thru july31st with friends .
when we first drove up we were so excited to see this beautiful hotel , but during check in we were told many different things from a 10% resort fee plus a $200 deposit on a credit card and that you had to pay your whole bill up front .
i have stayed at several marriott?? and never had to pay up front .
the front desk clerk ramon was very nice and tried his best to help but needed to get a manager .
the manager christian was not accommodating at all was very smug .
i have been a customer service manager for over 10 years and know that there is always a way to please a customer especially when they are spending $225 a night .
needless to say the manager was not willing to accommodate us so we paid for one night and the next day went to the condado plaza and believe me the service was excellent and the rooms were hip and contemporary .
in closing if you want a place where they do not value the customer this is your resort !
horrible experience at this resort - left after the first night ! ! what an awful experience we had at the san juan marriott ! ! my party ( husband , my mother and my sister ) and i travelled to this hotel during memorial day weekend and it definitely was not what we expected ! !
it was something reminiscent of spring break , from the extremely scantilly clothed guests ( which i would get into more detail about but think it wil be best to hold back ) to the loud , obnoxious drunk people in the pool , this was not what we envisioned our vacation to be .
now , my husband , sister and i are all in our 20's , laid back and like to have fun , but this was over the top . the good : to begin , check in was a breeze , and they accomodated our early check in request .
the rooms have nice decor - flat screen tvs , comfy bed , they did do a nice job with the renovations .
the bathrooms are nicely appointed as well - beautiful marlbe vanity with lots of space to store toiletries , etc .
even though we didnt have an oceanfront room and when you immediately looked out onto the balcony you got an ugly view of this monstrous building under construction , all we had to do was look to our left and the ocean was right there , so that was a nice perk , as well . the bad : the surf at this resort is soo strong and rough you really couldnt be in the water and relax ; you constantly had to watch for the next wave to come and take you under .
all of the staff encouraged the guests to stay out of the water .
now , when you are in the carribean , you want to be able to swim in the beautiful , crystal clear ocean water , and we couldnt do that here . needless to say , we were hugely dissappointed when we discovered this , and after we saw the size of the small pool . food/drink service on the beach was painfully slow . . . i understand the carribean ( been to aruba , bermuda and mexico ) and that your mindset should be to relax , you are on island time thing , but we waited almost an hour for 4 drinks ! !
we had lunch there at la vista , i believe .
food was decent , but pretty pricey .
the restaurant is located right next to the pool/beach so it does have some nice scenery .
our first ( and only ) time we had dinner at the resort was the bbq buffet they had beachside . . . it seemed like a nice idea , but after we paid 24 dollars a person for alot of unappetizing food we realized what a bad move that was .
the ugly : we were there less than 24 hours and i had to call the front desk 3 times ! ! ! !
at 11 pm ( yes , that is a bit early , but we had been traveling since 4 am ) the room next to ours was outrageously loud and having a party , with a screaming baby in the room , nonetheless .
they definitely need to do something about the noise levels in the guestrooms - it seemed as if you could hear everything coming from the rooms next to you and there were no sound barriers at all .
the noise was unbearable and we couldnt sleep and after dealing with it for a couple of hours , we succombed to calling the front desk to complain .
a few minutes later , through our peephole , we counted 10 adults leave that room .
i will say that security did come up after to confirm they broke up the party .6am :
we were woken up to about 7 girls yelling outside our door .
they sounded pretty wasted .
as i was calling the front desk to complain ( again , ) the door to the room next to ours opened and a gentleman excertingly told the girls to shut up .
the girls felt the need to respond to him with expletives i wont use , but once he went back into his room .
we thought ( erroneously ) that this escapade was over .
boy , were we wrong .
about 10 minutes later these girls returned again and this time when the guy next room over opened his doors to yell at them again , it turned into a shouting match and the girls threatening to hit him ( unprovoked ) , etc .
we watched this unravel through our trusty peephole , for to be honest , we were afraid of what might happen if we opened the door .
i called the front desk for the 3rd time and told them they had a pretty serious situation on their hands on the 10th floor and they better get up here .
the thing that bothered me the most about this situation was that we never , not once , heard back from the front desk about this situation .
they never called or came to our room to see if things had been solved . we barely got a sorry out of them for everything we had experienced our first and only night here .
i called up to my mothers room on the 12th floor ( who had noise issues the night before , as well , but nothing compared to ours ) and we would return to the intercontinental ( katherine at the beach bar rocks ! ! ) in a heartbeat . overall , we were extremely disappointed with our brief stay at the marriott .
my husband and i stayed at the marriott aruba resort for our honeymoon and we were extremely pleased with our stay there , so its not as if we have never stayed at a marriott before .
poor hospitality in san juan marriott resort  this is an arrogant hotel this hotel needs to go to hospitality school specially the casino .
after playing $500.00 they were not kind enough to extend the courtesy to stamp my parking ticket .
they stated having no proof of me being in the casino playing at all .
i cashed in my winnnigs which did not amout to $5.00.
then went to the courtesy desk ( better to be called insult desk ) they told me that i needed to be a casino member or to have a membership card .
i returned to the window where i cashed my prize .
the clerk called a supervisor and was willing to badge for me stating that he just cashed a prize for me .
the supervisor and the courtesy clerk both denied stamping my parking ticket .
also their atm machines do not display the amount that you will be charged to get your money .
it was incredible that i had to take a leap of faith accepting the unknown charges . otherwise on a different day i went to the ambassador casino , i asked about all these parking issues .
they say oh no problem here play and when you are done we stamp your parking ticket .
i played about equal amount and was happy with their services .
overall happier crew .
terrible experience i must say that i was extremely disappointed in this marriott property .
the first room i stayed in was in the cabana section of the hotel .
well , let me tell you that the room stunk of mildew and was actually growing out of the air conditioning duct .
i asked to be moved and spent a night in a room where the sheets smelled musty as well .
after a days work , i returned to find the clothes in my suitcase wet from the dampness in the room .
i had to get my stuff drycleaned . suffice it to say , i switched to the hilton caribe , which is an absolutely fabulous hotel and is comparable in price . i am also a marriott gold member ( a few night away from platinum ) which means i have stayed well over 50 nights at a marriott property this year alone and over 40 last year .
i have never in my life been so disgusted with a hotel .
it actually made me sick there was so much mildew here . i stay at marriott 's for the reward points and would have to be extremely upset to even consider switching to a hilton .
after this experience , i may just become a hilton guy .
be careful under construction ! ! ! ! ! hotel is under construction .
dust and debri everywhere .
call and ask frist before you book .
ask for a room as far away from the main building .
bad customer service , i was told that my rate will be $480.00
for 2 nights , when i did check out , they charge me 480 per night . very
dusty room , my son get sick for 2 weeks . food
no good , staff not friendly at allnot worth a penny , 
cattle herders my husband and i just returned from a quick trip to san juan for the rolling stones concert . . . which was fantastic , however our hotel choice was the pits , outragous in price $330 base rate , after a movie , a quick phone call , and 2 glasses of wine and taxes $466! ! !
one night , the ritz it was not , check in , hands full , no one to open the door , the lobby , where the bar tables practically meet you at the door were covered with reserved signs , there was a private party later there that night , in the very small lobby ! , not at all elegent like the ritz , caribe hilton , or el convento where we often stay .
long lines at the check in , luggage everywhere , apparantly the cruise passangers are fond of this place , at check in our guaranteed king size bed was not available , 2 doubles , not at that price , eventually they did change our room , large bed , very small balcony , view of the very crowded pool , no chairs available and the packed beach , chairs side by side .
upon returning to the hotel after the concert ( asked if the hotel could recommend transportation , they could not ) we found the lobby full , all those who had attended the private party , and tons of locals dancing to salsa , standing room only , no seats for the guests , upon grabbing a table after a couple left , 20 minutes went by , we asked waiters to stop , got the just a minute they never returned , my husband went to the bar and asked for a drink in spanish , he was told to sit and wait for the waiter , exasberated , i went to the bar and in english requested 2 glasses of wine and was served , 30 minutes after starting out , i timed it , we then went in the casino where they had a noodle bar , ordered appetizer 's , and when we tried to order dinner were told it would be at least an hour !
apparently the noodle bar was servicing another dining area turning out frozen chicken fingers and french fries , exhausted and starved we returned to our rooms , skipped breakfast the next moring , breakfast was not included , room service prices started at $15 per person , based on our prior nights experience we decided not worth it , we checked out and headed to our favoirite spanish bakery in ocean park .
typically you would expect a marriot to offer above average service , clearly this was not the case , this sold out hotel herded their guests like cows while accommodating a local clientel as well , compounding the overcrowded facility and overwhelmed staff , look elsewhere like caribe hilton , interconttinental , ritz , condado is a fun area , the new hotels they are building look beautiful , the marriot should look into beefing up or i expect will be loosing many customers .
so bad you feel like you 're on punk 'd my experience at the marriott was anything but positive .
at certain points we felt like we were being punk 'd !
it started with check in when we were told they did not have any non - smoking rooms available ( mind you , i 'd spoken to reservations the day before to double check that we 'd be in a non - smoking double . )
finally , they stuck us in this room overlooking a rusty roof and a starbucks .
the air conditioner was broken and kept making this noise that sounded like a lock being picked .
click . click . click .
our room was muggy . we
called downstairs : us : 'hi , can someone please come up and check out the ac ? ' desk : ( loud sigh like we are really inconveniencing him ) fineus : thanks ! desk : [hangs up]2 guys came up and toodled around with the ac for about 2 minutes .
then they said , 'nothing we can do . ' i said , 'you mean this is as cool as it gets ? ' and they said , 'yes . ' this turned out to be untrue - the rooms did get cooler .
a lot cooler . the
bartenders were awful .
they glared at u . they helped the men first even if u were next on line . no
one wants to help you at this hotel .
it 's very serve yourself .
drag your own lounge chair down to the beach ( i saw old women pulling their own chairs while hotel staff watched on ) also expect to pay $12 for a beach umbrella .
$12.
* the hotel needs updating .
the lobby is dark and dingy .
oh and happy hour starts at 7pm .
very late .
drinks are $$$$$$$$ .
the happy hour is not much of a deal - at all . * front desk - surly .
lazy etc . * avoid marriott condado 
never again ! ! !
we just returned from puerto rico and had booked this hotel after reading all the good reviews , but were very very dissapointed .
we got there and first of all the lobby was so smoky and loud , not child friendly at all .
the people at the front desk were very rude .
we checked in the room and the tub wasnt draining and the room totally aggravated my husband 's allergy .
they moved us to another room without offering any upgrades and asked us to pay when we asked for one , very rude !
we were looking for an upscale place with friendly people around but this place certainly was a big dissapointed .
we packed out bags and left for the wyndham in condado and it was beautiful .
we always stay at wyndham and its the best , i dont know we decided to try this place , never again .
if you are a family stay at the wyndham in condado , its beautiful with three pools , 2 jaccuzzi 's and hammocks .
if your are single or without kids , stay at el wyndham in san juan .
( we went there for our honeymoon ) it has the best club in sanjuanb and is wonderful .
never stay at this marriot ! ! ! ! ! ! !
worst then terrible ! ! ! !
if you want to be treated bad , very bad ! ! then you may like it here .
i was one of 38 people that flew over from the stated fo a wedding .
several people stayed at at the marriotts in isle verde and condodo , i am telling you about the condodo location , i stayed in puerto rico for 10 days and the marriott ruined one night of that for myself and others , i had a bad experience in the casino with manager on april 27, 2004.
this is a ruff version .
you see when 5 of us walked up to the lobby bar to order drinks , they sent us to the casino to get service , so we did , we then waited at that casino bar to get service .
guess what ? ? no service .
the manager told us if we wanted to get service then we would have to play slots . ok ! !
passed no service , i asked the manager why we could not get some drinks .
you 'll love this .
the manager told me that we were play the wrong slot to get service , then he walked away .
i went to the front desk to put a complaint in with the manager of the hotel , but he never showed .
i told the girl at the front desk i will be writting tripadvisor with a poor score for this hotel .
so 3 of us left the hotel to go back to ours ( the windchimes great ! ! ! ! ) the 2 that were left behind were still playing in the casino$$$ and when they went back to there room they were met by security and they were told because i ! ! ! ! was reporting them to tripadvisor they would have to leave .
they then called the bride and groom woke them up to see if they could stay with them i guess everything work it 's self out by 3:00am .
but i cant tell you how unprofessional , the marriott 's staff was and is .
then puerto ricans depend ! ! ! on the $$$$$ from the people who come to there island , and i can tell 38 people bring in a whole lot of money for them .
so i guess the i can tell you i will never !
ever ! stay at a marriott ! !
even though i did not stay here , i should have been treated as a in house guest would have , with respect and kindness and no less .
so if you stay here and have a bad experience , i told you so ! !
maybe my last big vacation , a terrible week at the san juan marriott the san juan marriott is a very poor example of what a four star luxury hotel is suppose to be .
the condado beach that it sits on will never be mentioned in the nice beaches of the world .
the beach is dirty , there are many rock formations in the swimming areas .
the currents are strong and when they rescend , they take the sands of the beach with them which you are swimming in and completely covered over with this sand .
my wife and i have always stayed in ocean front rooms in the usa and other countrys like aruba , st . thomas , france , and other sites .
y wife loves the ocean .
the view from our room in the san juan marriott was fine , it was at the end of the hotel , away from any attraction that the hotel might have been going on , so we missed those if they did have any .
the room was very small for the money , dirty , not in the housekeeping , but pipes corroded , walls needing painted , carpet dirty and smelly , it needs replaced .
room service was so high that we did not even try it .
the food prices was ok except for a beach bbq they put on friday and saturday night .
it was simply alful .
food was not good what so ever , tables dirty , sand blowing in your face as you tried to eat .
just very bad and a waste of money .
even with all that we did not like , we was allready there and wanted to try to enjoy our vacation .
then the week - end came .
the local puerto rican people came to the hotel and completely took it over .
the lounge was turned into a disco , there was no seats for tourist , the local band was so loud that in the casino we even had a hard time hearing the card dealers .
in the casino , the local people was pushy , taken over all slot machines and most of the table games .
they were the only ones that could get a drink , getting trays of pina colodas , nasty to any american aroun them .
but later read in local newspaper where the puerto rican people were much like they were in 1984, they hated americans then and i guess its that way again .
the rain forrest was the biggest rip off of the trip .
no flowers , nothing to see , felt sorry for the tour bus driver .
i have read the reviews , how any one can write a good review for this marriott and its beach and its all around enjoyment , is beyond me .
the week my wife and i spent at the san juan marriott was by far the worst vacation we have ever taken .
i , m 62 years old and we have been to many nice places .
the marriott hotel in aruba must be a 10 star hotel in comparison to the san juan hotel .
any one may email me and i , ll be glad to answer any question you may have , if this review stays on this site .
poor service the hotel is somewhat old and certainly not worth the cost .
beds are highly uncomfortable for a hotel of that ranking .
the reception is pretty slow with any inquiry taking more than 20 minutes to be addressed .
our stay included breakfast .
unfortunately , no - one ( neither at the reservation or at the check in ) bottered to notified us until the last day of our stay .
moreover , the customer service at marriott overall is the most unhelpfull i have ever come accross .
i would avoid all marriott properties at all cost .
horrible ! ! ! ( do not go ! ! ! ) my family ( party of 6) and i stayed at this hotel from august 11th until the 12th ( one night ) of 2008.
the experience was horrible ! !the condition of the hotel is terrible .
it needs to be closed for remodeling urgently !
we stayed at the new tower and we were told , when i went to the frontdesk to ask for a bedroom change , that bedrooms from the main building were in worst conditions .
i was at awe ! just couldn?t believe it .
just the executive floor rooms in the main building are ok , the nice lady told me . we had two rooms and i could see the following : lobby were fine , halls?carpet had dark stains , doors metal frames were rusted , doors were scratched , rooms carpets were stained , bathroom were in bad shape , balcony windows were rusted , beds were ok and sheets ok ( the employees made an effort to make the hotel look in the best way they could , but it was just not possible due to the conditions of the premises ) .i went to the pool the next day with my children .
they were green fungus on the wall of the pool ( the water looked okay ) and on the stairs .
the kiosk where the hand the towels out was in a very bad shape ( the wood was all scratched and dirty , just terrible ) .
overall the problem with this hotel is the conditions of its premises , the employees tryed to give us the best service possible and they were well dressed with very good manners ( the bell boy was all sweaty and dirty though ) .beware of the valet parking fee , try to park your car yourself or you will be charged usd21.45 for everyday your car is in the parking lot . i was told by the manager that the hotel is planning a remodeling , but it will be done at a slow pace without disrupting current operations .
i recommend they shut down this hotel and do a complete remodeling ( a serious one not like they suposedly did on the new tower ) .
prior to this time , i stayed at this hotel two years ago and it was fine ( more than fine it was wonderful ) .
i don?t understand how in such a short period of time a hotel could be so wore down . try another hotel in better shape , like hotel el condado or the marriott ( at the condado neigborhood ) .
or hotel don diego in the old san juan area ( by the cathedral ) .
inconsistent room quality and overall horrible experience i was booked for four nights and five days for a fairly expensive conference rate ( close to 200/night ) and was very disappointed .
i stayed in the lagoon villa section .
the room overlooked an active construction site with a polluted lagoon .
the water in the shower and sink ran black and sooty for three minutes before looking somewhat clear enough to take a shower .
i had multiple cockroach sightings .
the smell of mold was overwhelming .
several others in our group have commented similiarly about the run - down condition of this hotel .
when i asked for a room change , information was recorded , but then i never heard from anyone .
when i checked they pretended like they had never heard the complaint before . last but not least , the internet connection was slow and very spotty . . . .
no mas rooms we made reservations in december for our visit in march and recieved a hotel confirmation number from the agent .
when we arrived they had our reservation for one night in january and not the 6 nights we reserved in march .
we did get a room for one night .
the concigre hooked us up with the court yard by marriot by the airport , much nicer place , friendlier staff and better pricing .
all we got at the caribe was a total run around from the so called manager nelson , it was a disgrace .
no way jose ' i would ever go back .
please don " t stay here ! please listen to this review .
we booked this hotel with our hh we had saved up .
big mistake !
the 4th room we were shown was finally when we gave up at finding a nice room .
should i start with the overflowwing toilet in the 1st of the tower rooms we were shown ?
or possibly the must and mildew smell in every one of the 4? my husband and i want to save you the pain of staying at this hotel .
if anyone has questions you can email me at [ - ] 
do not waste your time or money on this place !
we booked an oceanview studio villa at the caribe hilton for three nights ( dec .
27-30) 10 months in advance considering this is a popular travel time and we wanted to make sure we had a nice room .
when we arrived they checked us in and made no mention of any changes to our stay , but when we got to our room it was not an oceanview at all and it was nothing more than a standard hotel room that did not at all resemble a villa .
the view was of the building under construction next door and and there was not even a peek of the ocean .
we immediately called downstairs and informed them that this was not the type of room we had reserved and the front desk offered no explanation as to why they had given us this room , they simply said they would have to call us back .
well , 15 minutes later we got a call back and they offered a reduction of $100/night and the possibility of moving us to an oceanview , but we would have to wait until 4:00pm the next day to see if there would be one available .
considering we were paying over $500/night for nothing more than a cramped and worn standard room overlooking construction and the parking garage we turned down their offer and asked to speak to the hotel manager .
he did return our call about 20 minutes later and proceeded to tell us that the computer showed that we had not booked an oceanview room .
we informed him that we had our confirmation with us and we would be happy to show it to him .
at this time , he cut the rate in half ( still overpriced as we checked on the hotel website and it showed they had oceanview rooms available in the main hotel for the same price ! ! ) .
i should also mention that my husband is hilton honors gold , so i would have expected a little more effort up front to remedy the situation .
to top it all off , the manager on duty in the villa tower was rude when we later went downstairs and asked that the rest of our reservation be cancelled because we were going back to the hampton inn  suites next to the airport ( great staff and beautiful rooms ) where we had stayed the previous three nights .
no thank you , caribe hilton i was very disappointed .
i did a lot of research on properties in san juan so that my family and i would have a great vacation .
( husband , myself , and two kids 2  7) .
despite the reviews i had read for months ( thinking the people were overcritical ) i booked it anyway .
i had a rate of 230 per night but felt that with all the promises it was worth it .
the lobby is beautiful and the starbucks is good . . . the private beach was fine . . . we arrived on the last flight into san juan and arrived to the hotel about 11pm . . . we were not taken to the room until about midnight .
it was an ordeal getting checked in and i was a hilton honors member .
i had requested an upper level floor . . . i was given the garden terrace ( if you get this . . . change it immediately ) .
we had to take an elevator down to our room .
people joked and asked if we were sleeping in the basement .
the garden terrace is a decent hotel room with a dirty patio . . . with dirty cheap patio furniture . . . overlooking the facilities area with the exception of the plants/foliage that is place in front of the patio .
there are walkways on the other side of your hedge .
i did not feel it was worth staying at the hotel in that room for 230 a night ( along with the 5 dollar per person . . . including children . . . surcharge per day . . . that 's an extra hundred dollars on the bill ) .
i spent two hours on the internet ( wifi was an extra 15 dollars a day ) looking for something else . . . not an easy feat during spring break . . . but we found something great and i am pleased that i was given the room otherwise i probably would not have been motivated to move .
if you want more choices for restaurants and shops . . . isla verde is better located .
money was stolen and management did not care while staying at the hotel money was stolen from wallets hidden in drawers , and pockets of clothing .
the management was very patronizing , and basically said that since the money was not in the safe they were not responsible .
the security dept .
did a check and found that two employees had entered the room during the time we were gone but we were informed that since they did not know which employee may have taken the money and since we had left it unattended there was nothing they could do .
they would just watch the employees in the future .
it is important to note that a limited amount of money was taken from two wallets - leaving us to believe that the employees take smaller amounts so hotel guests wo not notice the missing funds .
the only reason we noticed is because one of the wallets was dropped on the floor .
do not go to this hotel - it is not safe !
not so good .
i have to agree with most posters here that the rooms and service at caribe hilton are very lacking .
i was here on business staying at the caribe for a second time .
it was no better than the first go around .
the rooms are really bad .
i do not know how else to say it .
my boss made the reservations and she is a diamond member .
we still did not get into the executive tower - we are all full - they told us .
it 's august - give me a break . so , we marched off to our rooms and the front desk clerk comes running after me .
trouble with the room key - i will be right back .
it 's midnight .
she comes back and i just asked her straight out - someone was in that room , right ?
had to move you to another floor .
the rooms are just old .
everything needs updating .
the bathrooms are very old .
breakfast - check it out .
the fruit on the breakfast bar had mold on it .
we usually just stick to the executive lounge , but we were meeting people that morning and we all went downstairs .
just okay . location is great for me , but i just cannot abide by these rooms .
come on hilton - $239 plus that resort fee in low season and you ca not get some money to update the rooms ? i think i will go back to the ritz where our corporate rate is and put up with their bad service .
at least the rooms are better .
find somewhere else i have stayed here at least three or four times each time thinking with some of the great reviews from many places that i would give them the benefit of the doubt .
that maybe they were just busy . but after the last stay i must say it cannot just be that they are busy .
the service is horrible to say the least . the wait even if you are a platinum memeber is horrendous the check in takes at least 25 minutes .
the rooms are aweful . if you book with any sort of discount i . e .
aaa or anything else be prepared for a view of the top of an a/c unit .
everytime i have stayed here business or pleasure the room is aweful .
we went for business and my boss actually got stuck in a room with a murphy bed ( folds into the wall ) and they charged 290.00 a night for this again with a viiew of roof of builiding with a/c unitthe only thing nice i can say about this hotel is it has a nice pool and the steakhouse is very good .
but unless you plan on sleeping at the pool which might not be a bad idea , because the view is excellent , i would not stay here . i am going back for business in august and will not stay here again . i think four strikes and you are definitley out ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
avoid this hotel ! ! originally i had planned to stay at the ritz , but a friend of mine that lives in san juan recommended the hilton??ig mistake .
i was going there with my wife for our 5 year wedding anniversary .
my friend recommended that we stay in the villas , but request a room on the ocean side as a new building was being built on the other side and the construction started at 4:30 a . m .
i called and made the reservation 2 weeks in advance of our stay and requested the ocean side .
the day before our arrival , i sent an email to confirm .
i received an email back that yes , we would receive a room , high up and on the ocean side .
also stated that we could have an early check in .
we arrived at around 1:00 p . m .
i was told that our high - up , ocean view room wasn?? available , but that it would be ready within 1 hour .
we had taken the red eye flight from phoenix on jet blue and had been up for a total of 18 hours straight . knowing that we were going to get a great room , i didn?? have a problem waiting the 1 hour , so we had lunch at the hotel .
at 2:30 pm i was told another 30 minutes , so we simply hung out in the lobby .
at 3, told another 30 minutes .
this went on for about another hour .
at 4 pm we decided to take a taxi around the island .
at 6 pm we came back and were given our room keys ? ? the room was on the 1st floor , with a view of a wall , over on the construction side .
i went to complain and was told that they would move us to another room .
i had also asked for a room with a kitchen ? ? was told that the new room had one .
the new room we were given was also on the construction side and had no kitchen .
i was told that the following day that they would move us to a better location .
the room we were given was dirty and the curtains didn?? close all the way , so in the morning , it was very hard to sleep with the loud construction noise and the sunlight coming into the room .
the next day , i was told that they didn?? have another room and that we would be stuck in this room .
the room that they claimed had a kitchen , only had a mini refrigerator and a coffee maker ? ? i don?? call this a kitchen .
our room keys stopped working 3 separate times and each time , the rude staff made us feel that it was our fault or that we were too stupid to know how to unlock the door .
funny thing is that from checking reviews online , others had the same experience .
the pool was extremely dirty and hotel staff was pretty much all rude .
having a problem with paying around $300 per night for such a dump , we tried to check out .
however we were told that since we didn?? give 24 hours notice , we would have to pay another $200.
i decided to just stick it out a few more nights ? ? things went downhill even more from here ? ? no clean towels , more rude service , ac stopped working ? ? finally on the last night of our stay in san juan , we checked out and went to the embassy suites ? ? what a difference and the rooms here were only $175 per night ? ? people were extremely friendly .
one last comment about the hilton ? ? be careful of all the extra charges .
when i booked over the phone , i was told that the room rate was $285 per night and 9% tax .
however when checking out , i see that they also added a 10% resort fee .
when i asked what this was for , i was told that it was for the upkeep of the pool , as well as for housekeeping and the bellboy service .
this was always part of the hotel fee in the past .
this hotel also charges $15 per day for internet access and around $8 for the 1st minute to call the states .
they also force you to make a donation to ??omeless children? ? for
each day that you stay ? ? automatically appears on your bill at the time of check out .
avoid this place !
overated and overpriced because my company assigns the hotel 's for it 's employees i have no choice but to endure my brief but numerous overnights at the caribe .
my last visit featured a smoking room that i did not request , and the staff refused to change my room .
even after reporting a malfunctioning air conditioner , that did not budge from a 53 degree setting , i was forced to remain in this room .
on the same floor one of my co - workers reported roaches in her room , and the staff failed to move her either .
the rooms generally are mildewed , damp , and musty .
you do not want to drink the water in san juan , but if you need the bottled water in the room be ready to cough up $7.00.
need to get on the internet ?
that 's going to cost you $14.95, excessive when you consider that many hotels are providing free wifi/lan as a service to their guests .
for those of you that have a choice , go elsewhere .
stay somewhere else !
we used the caribe hilton as a stop over hotel for our vaction in the virgin islands , spending the first friday and last saturday nights at the hotel .
our experiences went from bad to worse .
both rooms were in the executive floors .
not much to brag about since the executive floors are the same rooms on every other floor , dated and in need of an upgrade .
the staff seemed uninformed about the hotel constantly asking for someone else to answer a question .
nobody seems to know anything including when hotel services and restaurants open or close .
on our second visit to the hotel they made us wait over 2 hours to check into our room .
at one point i needed to get the manager to actually send someone to clean the room .
by the time i got my key they were still cleaning the room , making the bed and taking things outthis hotel needs an extreme makeover .
