enjoyed casablanca just returned from a 4- day stay at the casablanca and we were thoroughly pleased with our stay there .
it was just what i wanted from a hotel in new york city during christmas week .
the weather was cold but the hotel made us feel warm and cozy - -from the gracious staff to the open -24- hours - a - day relaxing public room .
it was a treat to be able to sit in the room next to a fire and have hot chocolate , tea , fruit , or cookies at any time .
i always felt as if it was an intimate bed - and - breakfast , rather than a hotel .
i loved the north african inspired decor - - would have preferred north african music piped into the public areas , instead of christmas music ( my only complaint ! ) .
simply the best ! ! ! !
i booked this hotel as a surprise for my husband to celebrate his 40th birthday and quite frankly i do not think i could possibly have found a better place to stay in new york !
from start to finish the staff were fantastic .
i had a conversation with the head housekeeper ( i think it was maria ) and it was refreshing to see how much pride she genuinely took in making sure everyone was happy with their stay .
our room (410) was spacious , comfortable and spotlessly clean , as was the lounge/breakfast area . from the young ladies who served breakfast and the cheese  wine in the evenings , to the reception and door staff ( hassan was exceptionally pleasant and ran around for us no end ! ) there is simply nothing negative i can say about these people . we had an absolutely amazing time in new york , and if we are ever lucky enough to return , i would not consider staying anywhere other than the casablanca .
a gem of a hotel " the casablanca hotel " nyc the casablanca hotel is a great place to stay .
even though the address off time square - the hotel is quiet and safe etc . i would highly recommend this hotel .
please read all the other current reviews as the say it all .
again the hotel is great .
lived up to all expectations - and more thoroughly enjoyed our first ever trip to nyc and this was in large measure due to the hotel .
did not want an anonymous corporate monolith and we certainly did not get one . the casablanca is perfectly positioned for the major sights , well - run , ever so slightly quirky , and with very friendly staff who take a personal interest in one 's stay . loved it . the cheese and wine evenings are a great idea - not sure if this is just a novelty to us europeans - but a good way of meeting some other guests if you wish ( or not ) .
excellent hospitality .
perfect location , super staff juat spending a few nights in ny , this is the perfect place .
close to everything , very friendly staff , good service , quality coffee free 24h , wine and cheese in the afternoons for free !
small rooms but that 's refleceted in the very affordable price .
good breakfast . just perfect for european tourists spending a short vacation in nyc . lars and rozita , sweden 
wonderful hotel !
excellent hotel , great service .
especial thanks to john , the maneger .
as calm and relaxing as we hoped the casablanca hotel was an oasis of calm amid the manic streets of manhattan . we really enjoyed our stay at the casablanca , most of the previous reviews were spot on .
the highlights of the hotel have to be the relaxed breakfast , 24 hour coffee and cheese and wine evenings .
all of the staff we met were very cheerful and helpful .
we did not try the restaurant next door so we ca not comment , but the best meal we had was at the trattoria trecolori four blocks up on 47th street .
if we come back to new york we 'd definitely stay here again .
in love with nyc and the casablanca hotel my partner and i recently traveled to nyc to get married .
we decided on this hotel for our special occasion based on tripadvisor reviews . . . the reviews could not have been more accurate !
we are absolutely in love with this hotel and nyc .
the staff at the casablanca could not have done anything more to make us feel welcome and accommodated - they went out of their way to make our special day even more special .
john , the general manager , was especially fantastic and deserves a special mention . . . as do the great cheese and wine evenings : ) we are so impressed that we have already planned our return in april .
we would never consider staying anywhere else . . . . . .
home away from home . . . my wife and i are just back from a 6 day trip to new york to celebrate my 41st birthday which was complimented by our stay at the casablanca .
we have nothing bad to say about the hotel and can only reiterate every positive comment you can read in any of the reviews listed .
every single member of staff was top notch and the hotel itself is absolutely perfect for a stay in new york . . . hats off to the casablanca and all its staff ! ! bob  ann - marie snaddon ( aberdeen , scotland ) 
21st just returned from the hotel casablanca , spent 5 nights at this superb hotel for my daughters 21st birthday , booked this hotel due to the wonderful reviews on trip advisor .
i must say we were were delighted , the staff were exceptional , the manager was professional and lovely at all times , i am at a loss as to what some people exspect from a hotel as the standard provided at this hotel is second to none . it felt like home after a long day shopping and the homely greeting at the front desk was always a lovely touch .
the breakfast and cheese and wine were so welcome and made a for a much cheaper trip as on 2 nights we were so tired from shopping we filled up on the cheese and wine and its not just cheese and wine there are dips , bread and many other things , meaning we did not want dinner .
i have stayed in many high rated hotels my father was in the industry but i can truthfully say this hotel deserves its status the staff work so hard nothing is too much trouble and the quite rooms that are clean and well furnished make the whole experience really special .
i have previously stayed in some of the bigger hotels in new york and felt like a number not a name .
fantastic first trip to nyc my husband and i just returned from our first visit to new york .
we chose the casablanca based on tripadvisor reviews , and we were not disappointed .
i was a little apprehensive about warnings of noise , small rooms , and lack of security , so i made a call to the hotel and spoke with vanessa .
she was so incredibly helpful and kind !
i knew after speaking with her that my concerns were not warranted and that we 'd have a wonderful stay . we arrived early on a monday and though i was expecting to leave our luggage and come back at check - in time , our room was ready for us when we got there .
the staff were friendly and helpful from the moment we walked in the door .
yes , the room was small ( we stayed in a king room ) , but there was plenty of space for us and our luggage .
the room and bathroom were immaculately clean , which is the most important thing to me in a hotel .
as far as the noise goes , there was barely any at all ! granted , we did stay in a room on the back , so we were not facing the busy street , but the only sounds we heard were occasional sirens , and even that was not loud enough to bother us .
besides , what do you expect when you 're staying in times square ? ?every evening when we returned to our room , it was spectacularly clean .
the staff gave a great recommendation for a wonderful little bar nearby ( jimmy 's corner ) .
the breakfast was filling and delicious , wine and cheese in the evening was fabulous , the 24/7 coffee and cookies were greatly appreciated , and the people we met at the casablanca were wonderful .
i ca not say enough great things about our stay .
i recommend this hotel for anyone who wants great service , cleanliness , and kind people in a non - pretentious atmosphere !
best hotel in new york city for the money .
great value we have stayed at hotels all over new york for 20 years .
two years ago we stopped .
we stay only at the casa blanca .
we 're here 2-3 times a year and the quality and service are always impeccable .
the staff is the friendliest staff ive ever seen in a new york hotel . if you 're looking for a 'home away from home ', you ca not go wrong with the casa blanca .
not only are the staff friendly and accomodating , the ambiance is truly casa blanca .
the rooms are nice and big by new york standards .
the common room offers outstanding breakfasts and wine and cheese every day for free .
small groupings of tables make the spaces cozy and homey .
some nights they have a jazz pianist . we 've quit looking for other hotels .
we stay nowhere but here !
we love it .
excellent all round excellent hotel , great service , good size room and bathroom .
quiet and yet right at the heart of times square .
we would absolutely stay there again when visiting nyc 
wonderful experience stayed for one night with my senior mother to celebrate her birthday .
great location near times square .
we walked from penn station to the hotel ( about 9 blocks ) , from hotel to radio city ( about 7 blocks ) , to restaurant row .
our room was not available at early check - in so we stored our luggage and enjoyed the fresh coffee .
tea , latte , etc . and fruit/pastries available all day on second floor lounge before heading out into the city for awhile .
everyone was extremely polite , helpful and accommodating .
rooms and bathrooms appeared updated and very tasteful .
hotel very clean .
did not make it to evening wine and cheese , but there was a bottle of champagne in our room when we returned at night .
loved everything would return in a heartbeat .
better and better this was our second stay at the casablanca , and it gets better and better .
although pricey , this small hotel is in a great location ( just off times square ) , with easy access to local restaurants and theatres , as well as a subway stop that takes you to other neighborhood .
the rooms ? ? and bathrooms - are good sized by nyc standards .
the d?cor is done in a moroccan theme that works .
breakfast at ??ick?? caf?? ? ? ? the lounge on the second floor ? ? was always a pleasure , as was the wine and cheese event held there every night from 5-8 ( and which we always made a point of attending , no matter where we were at 4! ) .
we had to ask the staff for help at a few points , and their response was inevitably friendly and useful .
haven of peace in a hectic city we stayed in the casablanca hotel for a week in october ? ?8 and really enjoyed our stay . we arrived in a rain storm and were a bit apprehensive when we saw the small door of the hotel on the opposite side to a building site ! we need not have worried ? ? we were warmly greeted and checked in with no problems and we were assured of a quiet room , as we had requested . our room (310) was quiet as promised .
and it was a reasonable size with plenty of storage space and a safe ( which we believe every hotel room should have one ) .
also the main room light was in the centre of the room and gave good lighting .
( why do the majority of hotel rooms have the lighting at the sides of the room , which can make for dark rooms ? )the bathroom was also a reasonable size and very clean .
there was a small set of drawers in the bathroom giving ample space for storage of our nick - knacks ? ? a nice touch .
there was the usual supply of toiletries .
the bath towels could have been a bit bigger . the bed linen and towels were changed every day ? ? housekeeping even came round in he evening to check if we needed the towels changed ? ? another nice touch .
they also provide a bar of chocolate each evening ? ? much better that the measly bits of chocolate provided in some hotels . the lounge ( rick?? ) turned out to be the hotel?? biggest benefit .
it was a quiet haven in the hustle  bustle of new york ? ? you would not believe you were half a block from times square . for breakfast there was a choice of fruit salad , cereals , yoghurt , fruit and pastries , with plenty of coffee ( including de - caff ) .
the food and coffee were replenished promptly .
the one drawback was that there were only a few tables where you could sit to eat properly ? ? the remainder of the seating was easy chairs and sofas ? ? fine for the wine and cheese , but not the best for eating a bowl of cereal ( maybe we are getting picky in our old age ! ) breakfast time could also be busy so finding any seat was sometimes a problem . the evening wine  cheese time was one of the best points of the hotel ? ? it is an excellent idea and just right to return to ( several ) glasses of wine ( a choice of white , red or sparkling ) and some cheese and biscuits after battling through times square .
in this case the easy chairs and sofas were just right ! for the rest of the day and evening rick?? provided complementary coffee , hot chocolate and cookies ? ? again just right after returning from the theatre . there is only one pc with internet access in rick?? and whilst we had to wait a few times this was not a big issue ? ? no - one hogged the pc unnecessarily . all the staff were extremely helpful .
any problems were promptly fixed ( for example , our room was initially too hot ? ? the radiator was stuck at high , but this was fixed whilst were out . )
the servers in rick?? cleared plates away swiftly and made sure the tables were clean .
the lobby staff were extremely helpful and were full of suggestions on where to go etc . all in all an excellent hotel in a marvellous town ! some tips : there is a post office a block and half up 43rd street ? ? just turn left out the hotel . there is an information office close by : turn right out of the hotel , then right and it is about three blocks down .
you can buy tickets for the bus tours here and much more . for uk visitors , if you are visiting meadowlands/giants stadium , then take your passport if you want a beer .
they only serve you after producing either your passport or us drivers licence .
even though i am over sixty ( and look it ) i was refused a beer . eating : tony?? ( right next door ) ? ? excellent italian food ? ? the portions can be large ? ? although the lunchtime portions are more manageable . the red flame diner 44th street between 5th  6th avenues ? ? excellent place for good non - pretentious cheap food - the soup is excellent ? ? just right for a light meal . john?? pizzeria ? ?44th street ? ? very good pizza ( although not as good as santaniellos in bedford , uk ) .
you can have a variety of toppings on the same pizza ? ? excellent to share . junior?? ? ? for cheesecake ? ? two locations : brooklyn (386 flatbush avenue ) or grand central station . ??estaurant
row? ? is on 46th street between 8th  9th ? ? loads of restaurants for ( almost ) every conceivable type of food 
fabulous casablanca !
my husband and i spent 5 days here from the 1st of november 2008.
from the minute we arrived , the staff could not have been more helpful !
it was my birthday on the 2nd and we enjoyed the complimentary bottle of champagne left in our room . . . a pleasant surprise indeed !
our room was ample in size , with subtle touches such as turn down , chocolates and mineral water .
our dinner river cruise was kindly booked for us by the hotel staff .
the atmosphere surrounding the presedentail elections is something we will never forget , most notably the times square area .
we thoroughly enjoyed the refreshments available all day long - especially the wine and cheese in the evenings !
we will most certainly be re - visiting with our daughters in tow soon ! !
fabulous this is a fabulous hotel , in an excellent location .
from the wonderful staff to the spotless bathrooms , the comfortable beds ( small rooms , yes - but this is new york ) , lovely decor , complimentary breakfast , tea , coffee , juice , biscuits and pastries all day , cheese and wine . . . . the list is endless . if you want a central location , near everything , this is the place for you .
a minute 's walk from times square , three minutes from the tour buses , five minutes from fifth ave , ten minutes from the empire state , grand central station and the rockerfeller centre ( and the magnolia bakery - world 's best cupcakes ) .
also only a 15 minute walk from central park and tiffany 's ! ! ! we would return in an instant .
wow ! we stayed at the casablanca at the beginning of october - we booked it on the strength of all the excellent reviews on this website , and we have to say that we were certainly not disappointed . . . we had travelled to new york for a 5- night break with our 8 month old baby in tow !
from the moment we arrived until the moment we left , we were made to feel so welcome , and nothing was ever too much trouble . . . from providing us with a fridge in our room to keep baby food cold , to laura who boiled water and filled bottles for us every night , the help and care that we received was faultless . . . in fact , they even posted our two coats back to the uk for us when we accidently left them behind !
the room was spotless , and large enough that it did not feel cramped even with the cot and fridge which obviously would not normally be there !
rick 's cafe was a lovely place to chill out after a mad , busy day and having the internet there was ideal for getting details of places to visit , and to check - in for our flights home . . . the central location on times square was just amazing , and although we had a room on the front of the hotel , we were never bothered by the noise - but then after pounding the streets of new york from morning til night , i do not think anything would have kept us off our sleep - we were always exhausted !
having been so impressed by our stay here , we will most definitely return in the future . . .
oasis of calm .
just got home after staying at this hotel for a week .
the standard of the room and the service was superb .
located 10yards from the hustle and bustle of times square , yet step through the doors of the hotel casablanca and that is immediately left behind .
great value for money and generally the hotel gave us a great holiday experience .
n gough uk 
best of our nyc experience we 've been reluctant to stay in the times square area on our many trips to the city .
but a brief theatre visit made it a necessity this time .
we were beyond delighted with the attractiveness and serenity of the casablanca ; vanessa , peter and other staff were cordial in the extreme and helpful in managing our luggage after check - out while we were at the theatre .
a major criterion for me is an immaculate bathroom , and this one was flawless .
the lounge was beautifully done , spacious and provided a lovely breakfast and nice food during the day .
members of our family - not staying in the hotel - who expected to wait for us in the lobby were instead invited to wait in the lounge with wine and cheese .
the hallways and our room were imaginatively decorated and spotless .
a renovation was completed 7 years ago , indicating that maintenance is a priority . our appreciation to staff and management for a fine visit .
happy 21st my daughter and i had a great stay to celebrate her 21st birthday .
the hotel provided the perfect antidote to a hectic round of shopping , sight - seeing and entertainment .
our room was comfortable , clean and pleasant .
the atmosphere and refreshment facilities were welcome and welcoming and the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful .
topped off by being in a perfect position a stone 's throw from times square yet relatively peaceful and quiet .
this is the place to stay ! ! ! ! ! fantastic welcome on arrival .
straight away all the staff were willing to help and made us feel right at home , checking that we had everything we needed .
as it was my 50th birthday the hotel manager had organised a personal meet and greet and offered complimentary champagne on a day of my choosing and we were upgraded to a fantastic suite .
on entering our room we were greeted by a large room and bathroom with an extra large comfortable bed .
again more complimentary goodies , wine , water , bath robes , slippers , good size tv .
an excellent start to the day was the breakfast , which offered a good selection of continental choices .
this was an added bonus as a lot of ny hotels charge extra for breakfast or do not have this available .
during the day tea , coffee , lattes etc are available with fruit and cookies and you can just help yourself .
from 5pm - 8pm the hotel offers wine , cheese and crackers as another complimentary .
this was particularly useful when we had show tickets at 8pm and did not want to eat a big meal beforehand . the hotel was in a great location for theatres , shopping and everything else you would want to see while you are here . overall experience of this hotel made new york trip even more special and i would definately stay here again if i came back . could not fault a thing !
best hotel - should be no .1 we ca not imagine a better place to stay in new york .
the location is perfect being within 15mins walk of central park , empire state building , grand central station , rockefeller building , broadway theatres , macy 's etc and no more than 25 yds from times square . the breakfast suited us perfectly with a great choice and ricks cafe is also pleasantly appointed with a handy computer for keeping in touch .
the idea of breakfast without going out and searching for a diner was just what we wanted ( although there is a diner within 20 yards ) .the evening wine and cheese party is a nice touch and staff were courteous at all times .
we thought that the supply of umbrellas for guests usage on the one night it rained to be going that extra mile . ray  jacky king 
excellent choice of hotel the hotel casablanca is an excellent choice for a stay in new york .
it is very central , and located close to times square , and although it doesn?? have great views like some of the bigger hotels may have , it is a little quieter due to being just off times square , and is much more friendly and personal due to the size of the hotel .
all of the staff were extremely pleasant and happy to assist with any requests .
we really enjoyed the complimentary continental breakfast each morning ( i had expected that we would eat breakfast out a few times , but we really didn?? feel the need to so in the end , and ate in the hotel each morning ) .
there is a choice of cereals , croissants , pastries , muffins , yoghurts , fruit salad , bagels , boiled eggs , cheese and preserves .
there is tea/coffee/hot chocolate available all day which is a nice touch , and in the evening there is cheese and biscuits , and wine which is also complimentary and a nice way to tide you over until dinner .
i don?? drink much , but really looked forward to the good selection of cheese , and occasional glass of sparkling wine each evening .
the rooms were also of a high standard , as was cleanliness throughout the hotel .
our room was a little small , and did not have great storage space for unpacking , but i think this is pretty standard for new york hotels from what i have read , and didn?? really bother us .
the only gripe we had was that although there is free internet , the connection wasn?? great .
i am not sure if this was because we were on the 6th floor ( i think i read this on another review on here ) , or because of the amount of business users in the area , as it did seem to improve at the weekend .
again , this was only a minor thing for us , and there is a pc in the lounge area for use ( along with a printer ) which was better if you need something quickly .
the hotel also had a nice little terrace area just off the lounge where you could sit outside amongst some greenery , however as it rained pretty much most of the time we were there , people didn?? use it much at all .
overall , our stay was excellent , and we would definitely return to this hotel again for the great location , friendly staff and tasty cheese and wine/breakfasts !
oasis of calm my sister - in - law and i enjoyed our stay at this excellent hotel .
staff were friendly and helpful , rooms lovely and a perfect size .
breakfast and wine and cheese was a nice touch .
only a few yards from times square but no noise at all . . . .an oasis of calm to come back to after pounding the streets !
highly recommended .
friendly oasis excellent little oasis off the clamour of times square .
the hotel is made by the friendliness of all the staff who were always willing to smile , to help and to go the extra mile .
the snacks , breakfast , wine , cheese and ambience of rick 's cafe also add to the ease and enjoyment of the experience .
would much rather stay here than some of the 'grander ' hotels of new york that we met relatives in ! as with other travellers , the only ( minor ) down side was the size of the bedroom - however it was immaculately clean , peaceful , comfortable and had all the additional extras that one could wish for . would definitely come back here if visiting new york .
classy  based on all the glowing remarks given to this hotel , i too booked my first trip to ny in the care of the casablanca .
and what a pleasant stay it was !
as mentioned by all the others , the location is fantastic .
step outside and bam ! , you 're in times square .
step back into the hotel and you 'd never even know you were in a big city .
the rooms are small , but exceptionally well decorated , completely updated and very clean .
the staff is attentive , pleasant and eager to help in any way .
and the complimentary items ( wine  cheese each night , breakfast , dvds , internet access ) were better than expected .
but most important , the mattresses were awesome !
firm with nice linens .
i do not normally sleep well in hotels , so this was an exception .
book with confidence .
oasis we visited from greece and spent six days in this magnificent hotel . it was our first visit to the city .
great hotel , very polite and helpful staff . very clean hotel also .
a real oasis in the madness of times square !
a haven lived up to our expectations .
a truly peaceful respite from the craziness of times square .
we had a problem with the car service pick up but the front desk made amends for the consequent delay .
otherwise perfect .
perfect hotel in every way every review about the casablanca proved to be true as my daughter and i found out after our week in nyc .
from the welcoming e - mail , , to our check - out ( at 4 a . m . ) we were treated like queens by the friendly staff in this most comfortable hotel .
each morning we were greeted by smiles and everyone was so eager to help us on our way and then welcome us back each evening .
the location of the hotel at times square could not have been more perfect .
thank you all and we will certainly recommend you to our friends .
there should be a six star rating for inns like yours . marelyn ballany , winnipeg , canada 
our favorite this was our second stay at casablanca and it was as enjoyable as our first stay .
we stayed 4 nights .
this hotel goes out of its way to be accommodating , with staff that are just downright helpful and friendly , and seem as happy to be at the hotel as we are .
we especially enjoy rick 's cafe on the second floor that is available to guests 24 hours a day for reading , a refreshing snack , or to catch up with your email .
every morning a delicious breakfast is available and every evening wine and cheese and crackers are served to guests in rick 's cafe , as well .
the rooms are beautifully clean , and although on the small side ( for someone from the midwest ) , they are well - designed and comfortable , especially the beds .
we love the casablanca hotel !
my only disappointment this trip was that when we wanted to extend our stay one night , we could not because they were full .
fabulous hotel my husband and i stayed at the casablanca for 3 nights at the beginning of august .
we were in new york for a wedding .
this was the perfect base . it was just what we wanted .
comfy bed , good bathroom , plenty of storage in the bedroom .
handy situation just off times square with subway round the corner . staff could not have been more helpful .
recommending restaurants and booking cars for the airport . breakfast was excellent and the wine and cheese in the evening a lovely touch . will definitely be back .
great find !
stayed at the casablanca for four nights on our first ever trip to new york .
whilst we probably had the smallest room we have ever stayed in it did not detract in any way from our enjoyment of this hotel .
rick 's cafe was a tranquil oasis away from the bustle of times square and the evening cheese and wine was a lovely touch .
breakfast was good , it saved the hassle of finding somewhere to eat and provided a relaxing start to long sightseeing days !
we would definitely return to this hotel .
charming this hotel is just what we needed after a busy noisy day sightseeing .
the location is ideal if you are wanting to be in the hub of the theartre district . the staff are wonderful . our room was a good size and the bathroom was excellent .
the only complaint was how noisy the aircon unit was and we did have to turn it off to get a good night sleep . the inclusion of breakfast and wine and cheese in the evening was an excellent way to start a busy morning or evening . this hotel was a charming find .
well recommended oasis just off times square very impressed with this hotel .
great location just a few steps from times square while being a complete oasis of calm inside .
we had a deluxe queen room which was perfectly adequate for two with a large bathroom and walk in closet .
no view as the room was facing an inside courtyard but this was fine with us as it kept the room quiet , ( or as quiet as a room can be with the standard us window mounted airconditioner ! ) . the hotel is tastefully and thoughtfully furnished with lots of interesting touches following the adopted theme .
very much a privately run quality individual hotel rather than the corporate style . all of the staff were friendly and efficient , the quality of the interior furnishings and catering was excellent .
we really appreciated the wine and cheese receptions as a break between daytime sightseeing and going back out in the evening . breakfasts were equally enjoyable with a good choice of cereals , fresh fruit , pastries and hot drinks .
refreshments were available all day and these were complimentary which was a nice touch . thoroughly recommended .
truly an oasis we were very impressed with the casablanca , very clean , well organized and oh , so quiet .
the staff are extremely friendly and helpful , prompt and courteous when we needed assistance .
the breakfast is a very nice touch , so much better than braving the noisy street so early in the morning .
hope to someday get a chance to stay there again .
a great hotel we stayed three nights at the casablanca .
we really researched a lot of hotels before choosing this one and we were not disappointed .
its location just off times square puts you right in the centre of manhattan perfectly placed for sightseeing and yet once inside the hotel it is quiet and very comfortable . we requested a quiet room and they obliged us .
our room on the 5th floor was at the back of the hotel so no view but we were grateful as it was so quiet at night .
the room was a reasonable size with a comfortable queen bed . the hotel staff are very friendly and helpful , the continental breakfast included in the price is very good and a very nice touch is the free cheese , wine , coffee etc from 5.00 pm to 7.00 pm . the interior is moroccan style and very clean and well deocrated and we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting new york .
good compromise i would echo all the positives about this hotel , and would probably stay here again if the price is ok .
i paid $1250 for 4 nights in july and given the location i was happy with that . rooms are small , i can only compare to hilton garden inn a couple of blocks away , which had much bigger rooms and beds , where i stayed first time i visited , but this year the price was too high and i went for this place . i used the limo service back to newark , which was great and cost $102 including tips and tolls and suited us for a hassel free last day . breakfast nice as is free wine , noticed some guests seemed to 'over use ', this service , seems they saw it as a money saving excercise rather than go out and eat which is a shame . i think the hotel is best suited to couples , and the staff were all very friendly .
my only concern was the lack of visible security , no one asked to seee any id when we came in at night , which they certainly did at the hilton last year before you were allowed on the elevator . i
terrific experience ! ! excellent experience .
great location , close to everything .
staff and hotel extremely accommodating .
clean rooms , nice ammenities , ca not wait to return !
just perfect just back from a one week stay , booked the casablanca for our first new york trip based on tripadvisor reviews .
we could not have made a better choice .
if your looking for a friendly , clean hotel in the perfect location you ca not see past the casablanca .
one of the reasons we booked this hotel was because of the location , we prefer walking to using the subway , and you can walk to everywhere from here , we even walked to the staten island ferry .
as everyone has already mentioned rick 's cafe is a great place to meet people and the breakfast is perfect for setting you up for the day .
we always used the complimentary cheese , wine , coffee etc . either after a day out or before going out for the evening .
the staff are just perfect .
we were offered a quiet room at the back of the hotel and had no noise problems at all considering our close proximity to times square (50 metres ) .when we go back to new york we 'll definitely use the casablanca hotel .
great hotel . . . stay there !
having read the reviews of this hotel on trip advisor , we booked a stay for a first trip to new york .
fantastic location just off time square .
reception couldnt have been more helpful . . . special thanks to michael for introducing us to the new york mets ! !complementary wine and cheese is served each evening from 5 to 8 which was most welcome after a heavy day shopping on 5th avenue .
our room was quite basic although very clean , but hey , how much time do you spend sitting in your room staring at the walls . highly recommended 
casablanca lived up to its tripadvisor recommendations my husband , daughter , and i spent 5 nights at the casablanca and it was a wonderful experience from start to finish .
everyone from the bellman and the front desk , to the housekeepers were polite , friendly , and helpful .
the beds were comfortable and the room was tastefully decorated and spotless .
as everyone has said the casablanca is close to all time 's square attractions yet when you are in your room , you could be out in the country it is so quiet !
the breakfast and afternoon/evening wine and cheese were delightful .
most of all we want to thank everyone at the front desk for helping us when our daughter became quite ill .
they got us a doctor , a cab to the hospital , and made sure she was comfortable when she was released .
lastly the front desk arranged for a car service to take us over to cape liberty and pick us up upon our return from the cruise and take us to the airport .
we highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting first class service !
thanks casablanca we will return ! ! !
lovely oasis had a lovely two night stay at the casablanca hotel in june , could not believe how close we were to times square .
staff were very helpful and supplied fridge to our room to store my medicine without charge . room was small but as they say who stays in their room in new york .
breakfast in hotel was a bonus and saved time . restuarants close by as you would expect and all main theatres within 5 minutes walk . without doubt we would stay here again .
excellent as always it 's difficult to add to the wonderful reviews already posted about the casablanca .
i can only say me , too to the ratings of people who enjoyed their stays .
i do want to compliment the concierge who searched doggedly for a restaurant whose name and location we could only partially remember .
play it again ?
oh yes please . . . . fabulous location , just off broadway . the hotel is very nicely furnished , very clean , and a quiet haven away from the hustle and bustle of the busiest street in the world .
the complementary breakfast was enough to start the day and the cheese and wine evenings were a really nice touch .
the staff were excellent and very helpfull with any queries you might have .
the temperature was in the 30 degrees region , and so the ceiling fans in the bedrooms plus the self controlled air conditioning was wonderfull .
definately would return .
excellent location - ricks cafe is a brilliant bonus !
exellent central location - right near times square !
walking distance to 5th avenue - and subway to downtown . . . .chaps at the front desk could not be more helpful - and ricks cafe includes breakfast and drinks and nibbles is just a brilliant place to hang outside of your room . . . . . free internet also in ricks cafe .
a gentle oasis in a sea of chaos after reviewing many hotels in nyc for a recent girlfriends vacation without the hubbies , we settled upon the casablanca mostly due to the reviews on this web site .
we were torn between this property and the holiday inn express in midtown manhattan .
the deal breaker was the afternoon 5-8 p . m . wine  cheese reception each day . i can tell you that we made and excellent choice .
the hotel room was not huge - we had a king - size bed that my girlfriend and i shared so we could have our space and not feel crowded .
the room had standard hotel amenities .
we had a burned out lightbulb in one of the nightstand lights and it was promptly changed out when we called the front desk ( fixed within 10 minutes of the call ) .
the bathroom was not huge but it was comfortable and the pics on the casablanca 's web site are relatively accurate depiction of the room and bath we shared during our 5 day stay . despite the fact that the hotel is only 1/3 of a block off times square on 43rd street , you 'd never know times square was even in the vicinity once walking in the front door .
the lobby is small just as the pics on the hotel 's web site shows .
the room we had was pleasantly appointed - similar to most marriotts or hiltons i 've stayed at on business . what set this hotel apart and will get me coming back to it ( or one of the hk properties ) is the continental breakfast and the wine  cheese reception .
the continental breakfast foods were tasty and high quality and fresh .
the hotel also had a fancy coffee maker that would make a lovely cappuccino or latte if that was your fancy .
the wine  cheese reception was just lovely .
quality cheese and lovely crackers were quite nice .
and the two wines - a red and a white - from the cantalupi vineyards in italy were quite pleasant .
we had expected to find ourselves eating our way through nyc and we actually found that between the walking we did ( lots and lots of it ) and eating a late continental breakfast and a late lunch , that all we had room for at the end of the day was the lovely wine  cheese reception .
the hotel staff was courteous and very helpful .
one of the gentlemen at the door , of albanian descent , was especially helpful to us .
i hope some day he chooses to have kids as he 'd be a great father . the casablanca made our stay in nyc just a wonderful experience .
whilst we spent much of our day out and about in the city , the casablanca was our refuge at the end of the day , a gentle , quiet , relaxing place in a busy city . the hotel exceeded our expectations and we 'd gladly stay again at this wonderful abode .
value and service near times square the casablanca hotel is indeed a gem near times square - well - trained , courteous staff met us at our cab , checked us in early , and saw us to one of the small doubles ( with an entry hall , bedroom and bath , all well - equipped ) .
we paid $269 and this included a good continental breakfast ( cereals , pastries , fresh fruit , juice ) , an excellent coffee machine which produced cappucinos , lattes , espressos ( caf and decaf ) 24/7, a 5-8pm reception in the same spacious cafe ( even three outdoor tables in the courtyard ) with wine , cheese and crackers ; a computer was also available in this room as were several copies of daily newspapers .
a friend came to see us one evening at the hotel and he too was welcomed to the wine and cheese reception . an excellent experience !
perfect we stayed here for 6 nights and thought it the perfect base for exploring new york .
located right next to times square it is well placed for the point at which many subway lines intersect , and several other sights are within walking distance ( e . g .
rockefeller centre , empire state building , trump tower , departure pier for circle line cruises ) .
the citysights and grayline bus tours also begin from here , which makes it good for getting a seat ! all the staff were always very friendly and helpful , and rick 's cafe was lovely .
the breakfast , drinks and snacks were of a high quality , even though they were free ( the orange juice was freshly - squeezed ) .
it was great to be able to get tea , coffee and iced - tea throughout the day , and the computer with free internet access and printer was very useful . after reading reviews we expected the room to be tiny but it was perfectly adequate in size . . . . . .maybe small by american standards , but to us ( english ) it was fine !
the bathroom was also an adequate size and was immaculately clean .
even the grouting around the shower was spotless , which i think indicates meticulous cleaning standards .
the room was similarly spotless and the sheets and bed covers were even changed in the middle of our stay .
there was free mineral water in the room on arrival , and once again a few days later .
the bed was very comfortable and clean .
the tv was large and there is a good selection of dvds which you can borrow from the reception . for the price , the location , the excellent rooms and the friendly service , we felt this was an exceptional hotel and would not dream of staying anywhere else if we return to new york .
however , it may be useful for other travellers to be aware of the following : - even though our room was not right at the front of the hotel , we still got noise from outside ( mainly sirens ) .
i think this is because of the air - conditioning unit which was situated in the window , making it impossible to sound - proof .
- the air - conditioning unit itself , whilst very efficient , made a noise like a small jet engine !
it was impossible to sleep with it on , but the room became unbearably stuffy without it .
there was a ceiling fan , but this was rather ineffectual , and also intermittently made clicking sounds on the maximum setting . . . . . .again , making it difficult to sleep ! - if you have inconsiderate fellow guests who make a noise in the corridors late at night , you will be disturbed as sound travels easily into the rooms .
this fortunately was only a problem for the first night of our stay . -
the rooms all have minibars , but unfortunately they operate by sensing the removal of any bottles and automatically adding it to your bill .
we still removed things to put in our own drinks , but had to have everything taken off the bill when we left .
they had no problem with this , but be aware it will lengthen the check - out process . - the only disappointment with regard to the advice we had from the staff was that when we left one of them tried to convince us to hire a car service to take us to the airport rather than have a taxi .
this would have cost $88 instead of $50, and his reason was that the car would be more likely to get us there on time .
i could not see how a car would have fewer problems with traffic than would a taxi , and taxis passed the door to the hotel all the time so getting one is unlikely to be a problem .
to be fair , when we rejected the idea he did a great job of hailing a taxi for us , which actually got us there in good time despite heavy traffic . -
some people have recommended the brooklyn diner next door , however we did not particularly enjoy our meal there .
it was a bizarre combination of pasta in a vanilla and cinnamon custard with beef casserole ( in one dish ) , and the portions were less generous than other places .
- tony 's ( the italian next door ) was generally good and had a lovely atmosphere .
however , avoid the spaghetti with meatballs , the meatballs were not good !
we could not eat ours and noticed other diners also leaving them . - the staff recommended another italian restaurant ( i think it was called tramonti ) which was within walking distance and was excellent .
the lasagne was superb !
awesome hotel !
my wife and i stayed at the casablanca from may 18 to may 24.
we had an awesome stay .
the staff was friendly and professional and went out of their ways to make our stay a pleasant one .
this being our first time in nyc , we had to rely a lot on their suggestions and knowledge of the city and they never steered us wrong .
the location of the hotel is great since we were virtually 30 seconds from the heart of times square .
i was a bit worried about the noise before booking but i found , once there , that our room was nice and quiet . we loved the rick 's cafe on the second floor .
it was expertly staffed , the breakfast selection was good and the coffee was excellent .
however , the friendly atmosphere fostered by the decor really took the cake .
the seating arrangement promoted conversation amongst the various guest and this made for a very warm and friendly atmosphere .
we do not drink so we did not take advantage of the complimentary wine in the early evening but we were told by other guests that it was in keeping with the casablanca standards , which are first class all the way . the only downside was that we got a queen instead of a king size bed .
however , they never promised a king .
we were told at the time of booking that it would depend on availability . all in all , the casablanca will be our hotel of choice for future stays in new york and i recommend it to all .
we have just got back from a long weekend in new york and we found the casablanca to be a perfect base for our stay .
the location is ideal , just off times square near the subway , yet we could not hear any noise in our room at all .
our room was near the back of the hotel and was quite large .
it was very clean and comfortable with nice amenities such as bath robes , ice bucket and wine glasses and a city guide . the hotel staff were very friendly and went out of their way to help .
the breakfast was varied and the wine and cheese and free flowing coffee and tea a nice touch . the brooklyn diner next door was also very good and worth a visit . would definitely go back again and would recommend without hesitation !
absolutely wonderful what a wonderful serene oasis in a city of millions .
we were steps away from times square and yet when entering the hotel the peacefulness was eveloping .
the lounge was a wonderful treat each morning and afternoon .
wonderful to be treated so well , to meet other travellers and business people and share their experiences . loved it !
great hotel !
perfect location just a few yards from times square .
the hotel is small , cosy and provides very friendly service .
the complimentary breakfast and evening wine  cheese buffet adds that little extra touch .
the interior design and style gives it a family - like atmosphere , and me and my wife had a very pleasant stay .
the only drawback would be that you are close to street level , and as new york is very noisy both day and night i would recommend to bring earplugs for improved sleep .
other than that , which really is not due to the hotel as such , we loved it and would both recommend it and stay there next time ourselves as well .
casablanca is small hotel with big heart !
the hotel was absolutely beautiful - very warm and welcoming .
our room and adjoining bathroom were immaculately clean .
the hotel staff provided impeccable service and were all extremely friendly and helpful .
stepping into the casablanca hotel was like stepping into a haven of warmth and comfort right in the midst of times square !
great hotel i booked this hotel purely on the reviews i read on tripadvisor and was not disappointed .
i have been to new york twice before and stayed in bigger hotels which were very impersonal and busy .
casablanca is a little gem in the heart of the big apple .
my daughter and i stayed here for 4 nights , everything was as described by previous customers .
breakfast was the same every morning but so fresh and tasty .
the wine and cheese is very welcome after a long day in the city , the bubbly was very good .
rooms very clean , and the best shower i have ever had in a hotel .
the location was excellent , you ca not get any nearer to times square .
i would recommend tony 's for pasta and spanky 's (2 doors along ) for the best ribs ever .
only one down - side , we booked the hotel on - line and when we arrived they had no record of our booking .
luckily we had printed our confirmation and after a few minutes of michael changing a few things around was given an upgraded room .
might be an idea just to e - mail a couple of weeks before yougoto confirm booking . will certainly stay here again though , very relaxing after all the hustle and bustle .
a most splendid time we arrived in new york , having travelled from sydney to new york , by q . v . and qm2.
when at the terminal , the booked suv , was ready for us .
when at the hotel , our luggage of 7 ports was taken to our room .
whilst in new york , from monday 28th april until saturday , 3rd may , every courtesy and attention to our exigencies was given most graciously .
when leaving on saturday , our sought taxi was available and our ports assembled within the taxi .
enjoyed the constant breakfast and internet access .
damned good cup of tea . we recommend most highly , the casablanca hote and this has been communicated to our professional colleagues . we shall be staying at the casablanca in october of this year . robert and carmel luttonshortland - new south walesaustralia .
home from home have just returned from new york after 7 day stay at this hotel .
you would 'nt expect to find this little gem so close to times square .
albeit the bed being rather small by american standards the room was an adequate size and spotless .
nice size bathroom and large walk in shower .
towels and bedding were also top quality .
ricks cafe , an excellent place where you could go any time of the day , meet other people , exchange information and generally have an hour or two winding down with a glass of wine or a coffee .
breakfast was ample and the staff were all very helpful and friendly .
would recommend this to friends without hesitation .
only downside room a bit too warm and if your use to a king size bed at home - upgrade ! overall excellent stay 
everything we expected and more !
stayed with my wife for six nights , our first time in new york .
we had read hundreds of reviews befoe we booked and most were very positive , so our expectations were high ! we were not dissapointed by any aspect , location could not be better 15 paces from times square and forty paces from the subway . our room was spotlessly clean and the maid cleaned it every day .
rick 's cafe was a great place to relax for an hour after long days on your feet .
we took the wine and cheese for an hour around 6pm before getting ready to go out for the evening .
good for swapping tips with other guests on what to see and where to go . the staff were always polite and helpful .
i would recommend this hotel to every - one .
if we go back i wouldnt stay anywhere else .
great stay at the casablanca my wife and i stayed for 7 nights at the casablanca hotel , 10-17 april and were very pleased with practically all aspects of our stay .
the staff were polite and helpful , the room was very clean and the complimentary breakfast / evening cheese  wine spreads were a welcome extra . the location really cannot be beaten and the room was surprisingly quiet for being just a dozen steps from times square .
everything is quite literally on your doorstep , restaurants , bars , chemist , subway entrance etc . the heartland brewery which is next door , was a good place to unwind after a tiring day 's sightseeing , with an evening drink or two . our only quibbles , and they are very minor ones , is that the room was slightly too warm for our liking ( air con up full but room still warm ) and there was no space in the minibar fridge for our own drinks etc . would easily stay here again and would recommend to friends .
great location the casablanca was in a great location . . . very close to central park , the theaters and great restaurants , yet secluded enough from the crowds of tourists and traffic .
the staff was very helpful and friendly .
the room was very clean .
simply perfect i have stayed in new york city a few times and have had some awful hotel experiences .
i tried tripadvisor and read all the reviews about hotel casablanca .
i saw some very positive ones and a few negatives .
i was a bit skeptical but gave it a go .
i could not have been more pleased with our hotel choice .
when they say it is close to times square how about 50m ! yes its that close .
and there was no worries about the noise very quiet . the hotel staff are very friendly .
the rooms very attractive , just enough of what you want , quite spacious for nyc and this price . what
i loved was the room upstairs with free breakfast and afternoon drinks .
it was so comforting to come home after a long day touristing and then relax have a drink , read the paper watch tv etc . i will definitely be staying at the hotel casablanca again , i cant recommend it strongly enough .
excellent stay at casablanca casablanca is the perfect location for those who wish a central location and like to walk to get around .
everything was closeby including an off broadway play .
restaurants in the immediate area were great .
the staff at rick 's cafe and at the front desk were very helpful and extremely enjoyable to spend a few minutes chatting with .
we requested a quiet room and enjoyed a restful sleep every night which we thought amazing because of the close proximity to time square .
top class hotel we have just returned from 7 wonderful days in new york city and the whole trip was only enhanced by the superb casablanca hotel .
the service from all the staff was excellent .
the room we had was very large by nyc standards and the hotel was ideally located .
it was a real oasis from the hustle and bustle of time square which is just around the corner .
the buffet style breakfast was very good and the wine and cheese from 5pm until 8pm was a great way to start each evening .
we cannot wait to return to new york and we would definitely use this hotel again .
excellent small european - style hotel we spent 5 days at the casablanca , and were very pleased with the hotel .
it is incredibly well located , especially for going to the theater .
many subway lines are nearby as well .
the room was quiet despite the close proximity to times square .
note that the rooms are very small , with double beds , and not all are well - configured ( our tv was not opposite the bed , but on a side wall ) .
but the rooms are well appointed and comfortable enough , and the bathrooms are particularly nice .
we very much enjoyed the common room on the second floor where breakfast and late afternoon wine and cheese are served daily , and where cookies , fruit and hot drinks , etc . are available all day .
the staff was very helpful and welcoming .
we would certainly stay at the casablanca on a future trip to nyc .
it is an excellent deal for the price , as compared to ritzier but more corporate hotels which provide larger rooms , but none of the personal touches .
we found out about the hotel on tripadvisor . com
and are happy to pass along this recommendation for others to follow suit .
little gem , excellent hotel stayed at the casablanca for st . paddy 's day parade for a few nights this march .
had an ecellent stay at this hotel , could not really fault anything for time we stayed and for the price we paid .
the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful especially jeffrey who went out of his way to help us every time we need some advice .
we had a standard double room and was a perfect base for our trip to new york .
the size was good , it was comfy and quiet given the hotel 's central location .
the en - suite was clean and good .
the location of the hotel is perfect for anyone visiting nyc .
times square is on the door step .
when you step into the hotel of the street it is quiet , which is just what is needed .
awesome experiance would stay again no question .
recommend to anyone .
loved the casablanca my girlfriends and i just got back from a three night stay at the casablanca hotel in new york .
it was fabulous !
they were so accommodating .
the rooms were nice , the hotel itself was nice and clean , but the people were the best .
i was told early on by the general manager that no was not in their vocabulary and they certainly came through for us .
we had an incredible time and it totally exceeded our expectations !
thanks for a blast in nyc .
warm and welcoming this is truly a jewel in the crown ! fabulous hotel in every way .
location , ambience , friendly staff .
just what is required for a short stay to nyc .
the staff cannot do enough and the happy hour cheese and wine every evening is the icing on the cake .
this hotel is full of personality , not like your impersonal large chain of hotels .
every room has bathrobes , toiletries , tv , cd player , iron and ironing with feather pillows and duvet . albeit a little small , i would describe it as cosy . definitely would stay here again .
we loved it and we 'll be back !
we stayed at the casablanca for 2 nights in october and we loved it .
we will definitely return on our next trip to nyc . our room was modern , spotless and very comfortable .
we loved the location which is just steps from time square .
the breakfast was very nice and we really enjoyed the wine and cheese in the evenings .
they had an excellent selection of wine and different cheeses and crackers . the staff went above and beyond when we had them hold luggage for us during the day when we were going to move to another hotel ( booked before we found the casablanca ) .
i had gone shopping at bh photo and bought a very expensive tripod which they held with our luggage for the day .
when we returned to the casablanca at the end of the day to get our luggage and move to the other hotel they hailed a cab and helped load the luggage into the cab .
upon arrival at the other hotel i could not find my tripod .
i was in a panic and called casablanca .
they could not find it there and generously offered to replace it because they were worried that they accidentally gave it to another guest .
the hotel staff and management were absolutely amazing with their willingness to send an employee the next day to bh and buy another tripod and have their employee meet us at grand central terminal where we were meeting a pro photographer for a day of photography around nyc .
the next morning when we ventured out of our bb there was a note from the cabbie that said did you lose gitzo ( the brand name of the tripod ) the note said it was turned into the 17th precinct .
we went to the police station and got the tripod back and immediately called casablanca to tell them not to buy another one .
we were thrilled , casablanca was thrilled ( tripod cost was $600) and our opinion of new yorkers ( casablanca staff and management and our cab driver ) was really good .
it 's a great story and people are surprised at the hotel and the cab driver saying that just does not happen in new york : - ) but it did ! so thank you to the wonderful , caring folks at casablanca you have a great hotel and 5 star employees and management .
excellent boutique hotel stayed 2 nights at the casablanca and everything was better than our expectations .
the hotel is spotless and the staff are extremely friendly - i thought new yorkers were meant to be rude and unfriendly ?
not here , at any rate .
the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was pretty big with bathrobes , toiletries and plenty of towels .
the breakfast and all day snacks and coffee were very convenient and welcome , as was the cheese and wine each evening .
this was a great way to start off an evening and get to meet other guests .
this lovely hotel has , of course , been recommended by many people and we were not disappointed in any way .
basically , it succeeds because all of the staff seem proud of working there and want to share its many positive qualities with the guests .
as a result , there is a warm and welcoming atmosphere throughout the building : from the helpful concierges , the friendly breakfast staff , the cheerful cleaners etc . we also slept very well !
our room was very quiet and had one of the most comfortable beds that we 've experienced in a hotel .
perhaps the casablanca 's approach can be summed up by the invitation given as we checked - out : 'we will store your bags and feel free to use the hotel 's facilities and help yourself to coffee etc . for the rest of the day ' . a great stay .
an oasis of calm in the midst of times square my husband and i just returned from a weekend trip to nyc .
we loved everything about this hotel .
the staff are exceptionally efficient , friendly and eager to accommodate their guests .
the rooms are decorated in warm , beautiful tones , with just enough space .
the bed , pillows and bedding are ridiculously comfortable and the room allowed surprisingly little street noise .
the bathroom turned out to be roomy , decorated in beautiful jewel tones , and our senses could not get enough of the orange scented tarocco products provided .
the entire hotel is spotlessly clean and lovingly maintained . we enjoyed meeting the other guests during the wine and cheese parties , listening to the wonderful piano player and relaxing in the beautiful atmosphere of rick 's cafe .
the all day refreshments , laptop , newspapers , large screen television and outdoor terrace made this space feel like an oasis of calm from the frenetic pace just steps away from the front door .
the breakfast scene was equally pleasant and relaxed with offerings of fresh fruit , baked goods , yogurt , hard boiled eggs and and endless supply of rich , freshly brewed coffee and cappuccino .
we are looking forward to future weekend visits to new york city and when we do , we will definitely return to the casablanca .
brilliant atmosphere we have just returned from a week at the casablanca hotel in new york .
the hotel is excellent ; we have never experienced such incredible service before .
most of the hotels in new york do not serve breakfast ; when we learnt that this was included at the casablanca we were just expecting a few nibbles but breakfast is a lovely continental spread with bagels , fruit , boiled eggs and pastries etc .
during the afternoon they serve coffee , tea and pastries so if you are in the area you can pop in to rest ; after all that shopping !
every evening from 5.00 pm until 8.00 pm they serve cheese and wine , the atmosphere is relaxed and sociable ; we made lots of friends during our stay . the location is great 43rd street , just off broadway , times square , and very convenient for the subways .
overall i would say this is probably one of the nicest hotels we have stayed in especially for customer service ; all the staff were great . this is one of the few hotels that we have been to whose website is an accurate portrayal of the accommodation and as you can see it is first class .
fantastic my husband and i chose this hotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor .
the hotel called me a few days before our arrival to confirm our reservations , they were very polite and professional .
the gentleman told me they had upgraded us to a king room .
when we arrived the doorman was right there to get our luggage and escort us to the lobby .
we loved our room , we knew there would not be a view and we did not have a problem with that .
the room was clean , the bed was comfortable and we were so busy enjoying the sights of new york that we did not spend much time in the room .
we did spend time in rick 's cafe - what a great concept .
we enjoyed having the cappuccino machine available at all hours .
the pastries were wonderful , i commented to my husband that they were better quality than any other free breakfast buffet .
in the afternoon they serve complimentary wine , champagne and cheese .
there was a wonderful pianist playing music and it set the tone for relaxation and satisfaction . i could go on but i will sum it up by saying we loved our stay at the casablanca , we highly recommend it and will return .
perfect location and excellent staff !
my partner and i stayed at casablanca in march '08 for 2 nights . we arrived at jfk airport around 8am and jumped on a bus ( approx $15 each ) which dropped us off at the bus depot , 5 minutes walk from the hotel .
a taxi would probably have been an easier option - they have a flat rate from jfk to anywhere on manhattan $45 + tolls ( $4.50) + tip .
back to the airport you 're put on the meter . we arrived at casablanca pretty early ( just before 10am ) and so did not expect to be able to check in .
however , they were really helpful and had a room available for us - and also upgraded us to a king room !
so we went upstairs for a much appreciated shower . on our way back out the concierge was very helpful with tours , what to do and where to go , and even booked some bus tour tickets for us .
$49 each gets you on a double decker city bus tour valid for 4 different routes ( downtown , midtown , uptown , brooklyn heights ) plus a night route for 48 hours .
we jumped on the midtown route to get our bearings . when we got back to the hotel at around 6pm , rick 's cafe was buzzing with free wine and cheese and a live pianist - a great way to end a day of sightseeing .
we went up and had a nap and the bed was so comfy we did not wake up until midnight !
so headed down and asked the concierge where we could go for dinner .
he had a couple of great reccommendations which we took him up on (9th ave - heaps of restaraunts ) breakfast the next morning in rick 's cafe was great - coffee  tea , juices , iced tea , water , cereal , croissants , bagels , yogurt , cheese , fruit salad . . . . . also in rick 's is a computer for guest use with high speed internet and a printer . the rest of our stay was outstanding and to sum up casablanca i have to say that the service is exceptional , the location is perfect and the rooms are cosy and comfortable . check out was efficient and they even flagged a cab for us that charged us a flat rate to the airport ( instead of putting us on the meter ) .location : right in times squareinclusions : breakfast , free internet  printing , wine  cheese , free dvd hire , excellent service , real ( espresso ) coffee and tea  cookies 24/7. room : small but cosy and comfy .
good temperature , nice shower ( with bath ) , big mirror , hair dryer , good medium sized tv , dvd player , small table and chairs .
fabulous the casablanca was the perfect choice for a great night away in the city .
it is centrally located , clean , beautifully decorated , and incredibly helpful , polite service .
we had blast and will definately be back !
best place my sister , niece and i were meeting in nyc for a weekend .
we needed to find a room w/3 beds and a central/safe location .
i stumbled on the casablanca thru one of their sister hotels , and am soooo glad i did .
it was perfect .
we got a mini - suit w/ 2 queen beds and pull - out couch ( for the 21- yr old niece ) .
the living space was fine for the 3 of us .
the location cannot be beat in nyc if you are looking to be downtown .
we were on the top (6th ) floor , and our room was set back of f the road with much higher buildings on each side .
this meant no light or noise from outside made it to our room . rick 's cafe on the 2nd floor was a great respite after spending the day walking all over the city , and before getting ready for the night on the town . will definitely stay again .
an oasis this was our fourth stay at the casablanca .
we travel a lot and i have never met a more caring staff .
they make you feel at home .
i have some difficulty in getting around and use a cane .
my husband was not arriving until later in my stay and the staff could not have been nicer from the front desk to the bellmen and maids and the wonderful ladies in rick 's cafe .
everyone was so helpful .
we enjoy the theater so the location is perfect .
the facility is immaculate and beautifully maintained from the fresh floral arrangements to the offerings in rick 's cafe .
the ambiance is one of an oasis , of calm ; we had a street side room and had no noise problems at all ; the rooms and bedding are extremely comfortable and listening to the friday night pianist is a wonderful way to close out a stay . a visit to the casablanca is like a visit to friends who always warmly welcome you back .
perfect location the hotel was very nice and clean , it was in a perfect location but you could not hear a thing .
the staff were very friendly and accomidating .
we will be going back to stay at this hotel in october because we liked it soooooo much .
great hotel right off times square the hotel casablanca is located about 100 metres from times square and ( by new york standards ) represents exceptional value for money . i stayed for 3 nights ( booked through the hotel website ) and was upgraded to a suite .
the suite was huge by manhattan standards and beautifully appointed in an understated morrocan - influenced style .
quality of furniture and fittimgs was very high .
being near times square there will always be some noise , but less than i was expecting and it was not at all intrusive ( though i 'm a heavy sleeper anyway ) .the lounge/bar provides a good quality free buffet breakfast in a relaxed atmosphere . 'there is an internet connected computer and printer available for guests to use .
the staff were friendly , curteous and helpful at all times .
location , location , location we have just returned from a 5 night stay at the casablanca .
the hotel is a hidden gem off of one of the side roads from time square .
its location is fantastic as its easy to access the subway (7 day pass for $25 - unlimited ) theatres and shops . we stayed in a queen size room which was a good size , the bed was comfortable and the bathroom very clean . the room was warm in the night so we had to use the air con .
we were on the fifth floor and over looked the side street which did create some noise in the night but nothing you wouldn`t expect from a busy city .
all the staff at the casablanca were very helpful and polite at all times .
the breakfast was excellent offering bagels , cereals , pastries and fruit which a selection of hot and cold drinks . if you want something hot for breakfast try the brooklyn cafe two doors down from the hotel , great pancakes .
rick`s cafe on the second floor of the hotel was a good resting point after many hours walking .
hot and cold drinks available 24 hours a day as well as biscuits , pastries and fruit .
from 5pm - 7pm wine and cheese is served , access to the internet is available free of charge and daily newspapers . the hotel was in a good condition and very clean throughout . both check in and check out were hassle free and the staff are happy to store our bags while we went for a last minute shop before our night flight home .
check out isn`t until 12 which is excellent for an extra hours sleep before travelling home . we enjoyed our stay at the casablanca and would return to this hotel if we visited new york again .
wonderful hotel , happy helpful staff , great location my wife and i stayed for two nights at the casablanca prior to a cruise .
we booked this hotel as a result of the reviews on tripadvisor and we were not dissappointed , .
from the moment the taxi arrived at the hotel the staff were helping us with the cases .
the check in procedure was effortless all the staff seemed genuinely happy in their work , were also pleasant and very helpful .
the room was larger than i expected the bed was large and very comfortable one of the best i have slept in , in a hotel .
the location is just off times square so you were a short walk ( 30 seconds ) from all the noise and hustle and bustle , without having to suffer the traffic noise when in the hotel .
the ambience of the hotel was very relaxed .
a big bonus was the complementary continental style breakfast , beverages and snacks throughout the day and evening cheese and biscuits and wine .
we can thoroughly recommend this hotel .
cracker of a hotel ! ! fantastic little hotel , right in the middle of manhattan .
hotel only very small , but could not wish for anything nicer .
it is located 2 seconds from the hustle and bustle of times square , but once you walk in the doors , you would not know it !
24 hour ricks cafe is a true delight .
there is free internet access and the cafe is so calm and peaceful .
staff very friendly and i would certainly recommend anyone to go and stay there .
i would rate this hotel 10 out of 10.
we 'll be back for more this hotel is perfect .
the staff are so helpful and friendly , they could not do enough for us .
the rooms are spotless ( beds are surprisingly small - a standard double but very comfy ) , the wine and cheese reception is much more than that . . . .hot chocolate , coffee , latte 's cakes biscuits and fruit available all day , just perfect when it 's snowing and freezing outside .
great location , just off times square and perfectly safe .
absolutely loved every minute of our 5 day stay here , will definately be back will recommend it to all of my friends and family .
here 's looking at you kid when you step off times square into the lobby , it is a nice respite from the drear of the day .
in the evening one can hear the clink of the wine glass , and casual laughter from the stairway above .
i ca not wait to get there and have laura pour us a glass of wine , have some lovely snacks , and finally sit and relax !
then our friends would call from the hotel edison , we would invite them for a drink and to figure out where to eat .
after coming over and experiencing our place , they wanted to check out of theirs and book with the casablanca !
one could feel the pulse of times square ( being so close to it ) but as soon as the wonderful shower turned on , it washed away the day 's toil and pounded one into relaxation and content .
the rooms are cozy but one must remember you are in new york and this would be considered an apartment to die for in regards to proximity to everything !
in closing , all hotels offer something , then nickle and dime you for the rest of the luxuries that one would hope for .
at the casablanca , it 's just part of the job . . . . i 'll be back . . .
great place this is a lovely hotel . . . clean , nice quality , good service , sufficient breakfast , and a great cocktail hour spread .
slippers and robes were a nice touch , too .
hats off to all who run this hotel .
casablanca was great !
great location , right at times square .
beautiful little hotel , loved the casablanca theme .
rooms small but adequate , nice bathroom , all immaculately clean .
the complimentary drinks and nibbles each evening in rick 's cafe were very welcome after a hard day 's sightseeing .
rick 's was a nice place to relax and chat or just read the newspaper .
the complimentary internet access was very handy , too . would definitely stay here again .
fantastic deal this is a great hotel , and we definitely recommend it .
excellent location in the middle of times square .
amazingly , the room itself was quiet .
the room we stayed in was kind of small - - but since we spent all day outside seeing the sights , it did not matter .
bathroom was very nice , looked recently remodeled ; bed was comfortable .
everything was clean .
the lounge area is inviting and comfortable , open all day with snacks and drinks , and is a nice spot to take a break in the middle of the day .
there 's a computer in the lounge , too , with internet access and a printer .
the included breakfast was excellent , with pastries , cereal , hard boiled eggs , fresh fruit , fresh - squeezed orange juice , espresso drinks - - great way to start the day , and a fantastic deal when you think about the money you save by not having to go to a restaurant .
staff was knowledgeable , pleasant , and always ready to help .
we had other family staying in other hotels , so we could make the comparison : this hotel was more pleasant , and a better deal .
the casablanca really made our stay in nyc wonderful , and we will definitely come back .
wonderful hotel this was our second stay at the casablanca and it again delighted us .
staff are friendly and immensely helpful , the complimentary catering delicious and all in an oasis of calm just yards away from time square .
yes , the standard rooms are small , but very comfortable , spotless and well planned .
a pleasant surprise in the heart of times square we just got back from our first stay at the casablanca (4 nights ) .
we have nothing but nice things to say about this hotel .
the staff was outrageously nice - helping us with many details of our trip .
we usually stay at more lavish hotels , so i was somewhat concerned about making the choice of staying at the casablanca .
based on tripadvisor , however , we decided to give it a try and it was the best choice we could have made .
a much more intimate hotel that your average new york hotel - but still great service .
our room was immaculate and the continental breakfast was good .
the wine and cheese break in the afternoon was a great touch as well .
i am very picky , but honestly could not find one thing to complain about .
jeffrey , ian and david ( and others whose names i do not know ) were great and we highlly recommend this lovely hotel .
lots of nice touches the casblanca have some terrific staff , who delivered the best service i think i 've probably ever had . everyone who raves about the breakfast and all day lounge and the evening wine and cheese is absolutely right and the selection is fantastic ! .the decor is eclectic but charming and everything is spotless with high quality goods thoughout . ,right
down to the soaps , sheets , towels etc . its literally about 20 yards from times square but once inside it is a haven of peace and tranquility away from the madness that is times squarewith that said , the wireless internet worked only infrequently when i was there - - probably not a problem if you are a tourist but more important if you are there on business as i was . the staff immediately offered to try to fix it ( and there is a computer in the ricks cafe that guests can use ) but they just were not able to the room i had was a little smaller than i would have anticipated from the photos , it was a reasonable size , just not as large as i 'd expected .
also it looked over the inner courtyard so was very quiet but basically had no view at all . it 's a personal thing i know but i do prefer a room with a view !
a little gem i can only re - iterate what the other reviews on here say . the reception staff are friendly and very helpful .
on check in , they asked if it was our first time in new york ( it was ) and then gave us a free tourist map and pointed out where the attractions were and the best ways to get to them . the room was very clean and meticulously maintained .
a nice touch for a hotel in this price bracket was the bathrobes that were provided .
the only thing to note about the room was that the bed was a standard double ( not too much of an issue for my wife and i as we 're quite slim people ) but that might not be acceptable for everyone .
ricks cafe was great for a self service breakfast .
snacks and coffee were available all day and there is complimentary wine and cheese in the evening . saving the best until last , the location of the casablanca is fantastic .
just steps away from the hustle and bustle of times square , but on a quieter street that does not appear to be used as a main thoroughfare . we 'll be back .
lived up to reviews !
we have stayed in many hotels in new york and found the casablanca hotel to be up at the top of the list !
the rooms were cozy , clean and beautifully decorated , rick 's cafe has wonderful snacks and breakfasts .
the staff is warm and welcoming .
we will definitely be back !
this is the best of the best ! !
i read the reviews here and thought ok just how good can this place be , and i am happy to report that it is better than i expected .
for a place that is so close to times square i thought the noise might get me .
but i slept with the window open it is that quiet . the staff on every level are fantastic and jump at the chance to help you . the hotel and service in my mind ca not be beaten and i have stayed at the st regis in nyc and i would come back here every time . you can walk everywhere and if you do not want to walk there is no problem finding a cab or jumping on the bus and subway . love this hotel 
location location location stayed at the casablanca for 5 nights with a party of 6 in 3 different rooms .
double , twin and suite .
this was our first trip to new york so location was very important to us and this was how we based our selection .
the hotel was extremly comfortable and welcoming .
rick 's was a great spot to hang out with a hot coffee and the evening wine and cheese was an added bonus .
the staff were all friendly and helpful , nothing was too much trouble .
th location is unbelievable , literally on times square .
we could hear some of the street sounds from our room , but it was not a problem . a special mention should also go to tony 's restaurant accessable from the hotel , this was some of the best food we had on a 5 week trip to usa . i have already started recommending this hotel , a real gem .
best stay ever in nyc stayed here for 2 nights and really loved it .
hotel rates in nyc are expensive , so i was looking for a hotel that gave the best value and had good ratings .
casablanca definitely filled the bill .
the staff was wonderful , they could not do enough for us .
made sure we had a room facing the courtyard that was quiet , helped us with directions and restaurant suggestions and made us feel really welcome .
the 2nd floor lounge is very comfortable , with a generous breakfast , wine and cheese in the early evening and snacks always out at other times .
it also has a computer with an internet connection and a printer which was very convenient .
the location is half a block from times square and close to the theater district .
yet the hotel is an oasis of calm - when you walk in the door it is quiet and cozy .
the room was very nice and the bathroom was great - good size and wonderful shower with great water pressure .
the bedding featured soft sheets , down pillows and comforter , very luxurious .
will definitely stay here again .
brilliant little hotel what a great little hotel situated right in times square but on a side street so there is no noise .
the hotel staff were all extremely helpful and polite .
we were in room 311, not a huge room but perfect for what we required and it was cleaned everyday .
the shower was excellant and very powerful - the two of us fitted in it !
i also received a free bottle of champagne which was bought to our room for my birthday which was a nice treat ! breakfast was plentiful and replenished continuously , it was croissants , bagels , boiled eggs , cereals ( toast if you ask ) and teas , coffee and juices - all as much as you like .
you can have access to tea and coffee all day .
as a nice extra there is cheese and wine every evening (5-8pm ) which includes champagne and popcorn too ! there are loads of restaurants alongside this hotel - although we did not try the italian next door but would definitely recommend bxl for lovely mussles .
there is an american diner along side the hotel too but the food was definitely ott so if you want big portions go here however the 15 bite hotdog my husband had he could not eat because it made him feel full up just looking at it ! i could not fault this hotel in any way whatsoever and i would certainly recommend a stay here .
new york value we stayed here 4 nights after a transatlantic sea crossing .
the hotel is superb value in a city where hotel costs can be very high .
the hotel staff are always available to help without being obtrusive .
the real plus of the hotel ( mentioned in other reviews ) is its location .
you can get to restaurants , shops museums , etc , without difficulty .
the hotel includes a continental breakfast and wine and cheese in the evening all in its very reasonable rates .
again this is rare in new york in our experience .
we will certainly stay again when returning to new york .
we had done a lot of research on where would be the best place to stay in ny .
this hotel was amazing !
the staff were incredibly friendly , the rooms were absolutly spotless and the location was fantastic .
breakfast was included in the price , as was internet access and cookies , tea and coffee were available free of charge all day .
the wine and cheese was great after a long day of walking .
the location of the hotel was brilliant .
i would 100% recommended this hotel .
friendly , quiet , attention to details spent a wonderful , romantic overnight here , and although the room was a bit tiny , every other detail was impeccable .
bathroom was spotless .
staff was attentive , but unobtrusive .
originally was concerned about noise , given the multiple construction projects right outside on 43rd street , but upon our wake up , there was not a trace of disturbing noise , despite the fact that our room was facing the street .
rick 's cafe is well run and provides a warm atmosphere ; offerings include premium coffees and teas , pastries , yogurt , cold and hot cereal , fresh juices , and all newspapers , and television .
i struck up conversation with several guests who had been coming to the hotel for years .
being a native new yorker , we can be hard to please , but this hotel has done a great job distinguishing itself from the pack of large , impersonal chains .
of course , the location is perfect for enjoying theatre , museums , restaurants and shopping , but what was great was if you do not wish to do any of that , it can be a cozy hideaway .
what 's not to like ?
i would definitely come back ; in fact , my friend and i share birthdays in late march , and we have already talked about celebrating there for a couple days .
oh , and their general manager , john , is a sweetheart and a real pro .
two thumbs up !
casablanca was exceptional !
we recently stayed at the casablanca hotel in new york .
it is steps away from broadway/times square .
the hotel staff and service was wonderful .
it 's a great boutique hotel that offers breakfast ( rolls/bagels/fruit/yogurt/cereal/juices/coffee ) and in the evening ( wine and cheese ) .
the wine and cheese reception is a wonderful relaxing atmosphere after sightseeing .
the hotel room and bathroom were very clean .
we highly recommend this hotel . . . and , cannot wait for a return trip to new york and the casablanca ! !
contact has been excellent i also have not yet stayed at the casablanca , but felt i had to give my own experience of sending emails to the hotel reception .
i have had to change my booking twice - due to unforeseen circumstances - for a 7 night stay in april and have sent numerous emails .
each time i have emailed , i have received a reply within a few hours , and once within minutes .
on one occasion , reception telephoned us to check something .
so far , i am very impressed with the efficiency of the casablanca and look forward very much to my forthcoming stay .
quality hotel , great location i booked this for myself and a female friend after reading the reviews - we wanted a small hotel where we would feel safe , in a central locationthe casablanca didnt disappoint ! we had a twin room that was at the back and very quiet - we paid more than the offer prices on the web site as it was a twin and had more room than a standard double .
the room was ideal for us - just enough space - only problem was with the toilet that leaked and overflowed once - it was dealt with promptly but should it happen ?
we got the feeling it was a regular occurence . we booked a limo from the airport through the hotel that we wouldnt recommend as we had to walk a while to parking and then the driver claimed he had waited so charged us $130 instead of $108 agreed - the plane was on time and we were quickly out so we didnt agree to pay and the hotel sorted it so we only paid the $108 - not a great way to start the holiday and next time i would get a cab .
we booked a return limo for $90 and that was great we loved the 24/7 coffee/tea on tap - it was great to get back in an evening and get a 'cuppa ' to take to bedthe breakfast was what we needed and the wine and cheese a treat - these facilities were a real plus for uswe booked loads of restaurants on opentable before we went following recommendations and they were all there when we arrived though we hadnt confirmedpicoline , union square cafe and gramercy tavern were greatwe loved macys and the sale was onwe went on the tour bus - it was very cold so wasnt much fun but did see the areas of nywe went to see the show at the box and enjoyed it - drinks were very pricey but it was an experiencelocation of hotel was excellent - 42nd street has a major subway stop so all districts were accessible from therenow i want to go back ! service is also great at the hotel - the staff were very obliging and helpful and honest and we felt they had their customers interests at heart 
i was hesitant in booking this hotel as i had never heard of it , but decided to rely on tripadvisor 's reviews .
the casablanca was a wonderful place to stay ; literally steps from times square , courteous and helpful staff , rooms exceptionally clean and well maintained .
we 'll be back !
loved the casablanca my husband and i stayed at the casablanca in august .
it was our 22nd anniversary , and after reading about this hotel on tripadvisor , i contacted the hotel by phone to place our reservations .
weeks , even months before our visit , i called the hotel 's front desk several times with questions regarding the city itself - -how to get around , the best way to get from the airport to the hotel , the best way to get to cooperstown , etc .
they were always very gracious and answered my questions fully .
once there , we were very happy with our accommodations and the hotel 's staff .
being a smaller hotel , we had the luxury of having someone behind the desk always ready and very willing to handle our questions .
the hotel was beautiful and very clean .
yes , our room was small , and yes , we were in the front facing a rather noisy street , but the noise did not keep us awake .
it was actually exciting to look out the window and see the flashing lights of times square !
the surprise bottle of chilled champagne for our anniversary was a very nice touch , too .
we would absolutely stay there again , and would recommend it to any adults who wanted to be in the thick of things in nyc .
i do not think it had anything that would have been an entertainment to children , however .
special visited new york for the first time in december for the christmas decorations etc .
we had very high expectations for this hotel and we were not disappointed .
the rooms , toiletries , staff , breakfast , coffee machine , etc were all excellent and the hotel is in a fantastic location for a first time visitor . my husband and i had a room at the back and this was very quiet ( we could have the window open all night without problem ) .
my parents had a room at the front and did get quite a bit of noise from the street . apart from that , could not fault it and would not want to stay anywhere else if we return to ny .
a home from home in nyc try to imagine a hotel that is slap bang in the middle of the worlds busiest intersection with the worlds biggest digital screens displaying adverts , news and information 24/7.
on your doorstep the worlds biggest and best department stores , restaurants , bars , sports arenas and theatres serving up the best that the world can offer . now imagine you are in your dressing gown and slippers sipping cappucino coffee , munching on cookies and watching tv at 3 o 'clock in the morning in cosy quiet surroundings .
it would be fair to assume you are in a completely different place hundreds of miles away would not it ?
well as strange as it may sound , you are in the same place and you can have your cake and eat it in the casablanca hotel on times square new york . a true haven away from the hustle and bustle of the city and when you close the doors to the hotel returning from a busy day you think you are somewhere else . we stayed there 21st - 29th december and i cannot commend the place enough .
i do not need to add much to other peoples reviews other than the guys and gals who work there are real gems .
jeffery , mike , vinny , the doorman with the ponytail , laura and all the rest go out of their way to make your stay memorable . you have so many hotels to choose from when you go to new york but i doubt you would find the same level of personal attention and value for money elsewhere .
our christmas stay there was just the best .
absolutely the best hotel in new york city we chose this hotel based on the high ranking in trip advisor . we now know why it is rated #1 in new york city .
this hotel is the best hotel we have stayed at whether it be in the united states or canada .
this was our first time to new york and john and his staff made us feel as if we were at our own home .
the rooms were great , the complimentary breakfast - great and the wine cheese and snacks daily made this a great experience .
the hotel is in a great location because you are literally right in the heart of times square . the service in this hotel is the absolute best .
the front desk representatives are the most friendly helpful people that you could wish for .
they go out of their way to help you in any way they can .
they greet you with a smile before you leave and when you come back ask about your day and then again ask if there is anything they can do for you .
the housekeeping staff , the cafe staff , and the front desk staff are terrific .
we would especially like to thank peter and jeffery of the front desk staff for absolutely going far and above the call of duty to make our stay the greatest experience .
we will never forget you .
we will always stay at the casablanca hotel and will recommend this hotel to all our friends and travel agents as well .
look forward to seeing all of you again in the future . mike , sharon , maurice and bev .
hidden gem stayed 5 nights at the casablanca 7 -12 december .
we cannot speak too highly of this hotel .
excellent , friendly staff , quiet , well appointed rooms and the unexpected ( for nyc ) rick 's cafe with complimentary breakfast buffet , afternoon coffee and evening wine .
well placed off times square the casablanca has none of the unnecessary bling of the large chain hotels or the forced , false coolness of many boutique hotels .
instead it has a warm and friendly ambience from the moment you arrive .
the staff make a real effort to get to know you and help make your stay in nyc a good experience . have stayed in a number of hotels in nyc over the years but this is the best .
would definitely return and recommend highly .
the best 16th birthday ever !
for my daughter 's 16th birthday , we took a trip to nyc and stayed @ the casablanca for 4 nights in september .
the casablanca was truly a highlight of our trip .
as we were first time travelers to ny , we had many questions  the staff were amazingly helpful .
we literally called them from the ferry boat for directions .
the beds  linens were out of this world ( we 're still waiting to order our own sheets from their linen company . )
the food was great  having snacks  coffee available during the day was a wonderful treat .
we were always greeted with a smile and we always felt very safe .
as a mother - daughter duo who stood out as tourists , coming home to the casablanca every evening was a treasure !
we 'll always stay here ! ! ! do not pass this up because it 's small - you know what they say , good things come in small packages .
this hotel is the best !
it makes me miss it when i read these reviews !
would not stay anywhere else first visit to ny from 22-27th dec with husband and 14 year old daughter .
booked casablanca based on ta reviews . we had a mini suite on 5th floor overlooking the front of the hotel .
did not get much noise most of the time , but a couple of mornings a bit of noise from the lock - ups opposite about 6.30am/7am , but we did have the windows open as very mild weather .
i 'm sure if we had kept them shut we would not have heard anything . there 's not a lot to say that has not already been said .
location is fantastic , the staff are the most helpful and pleasant i have ever met , everything is exceptionally clean , the breakfast is more than enough , and the cheese and wine every evening is most welcome .
also it was nice to come back in the evenings to coffee and biscuits/pastries .
bathroom toiletries were particularly nice . it was also nice not to be charged for internet access in the bedrooms , so daughter could keep in contact with friends whenever she wanted . we are already planning our next visit to ny , and it will definitely be the casablanca again .
best hotel in nyc my friends and i stayed at the casablanca for 5 nights from 6th december to the 11th december .
we had a fantastic stay .
the hotel is a jewel in the crown to say the least .
the staff were wonderful , the cheese and wine every night from 5pm till 8pm was amazing . we were up really early on our first night ( with the time difference ) and it was great , we all sat in ricks cafe with our latte 's , in our pyjamas , you would never imagine we were only minutes from times square . the hotel was immaculate .
we had a mini suite which was fabulous . there is nothing negative to say about this hotel .
if you are planning a trip to the big apple , you must stay here , you will not be dissapointed . thankyou casablanca , we will definately see you next yearxx 
the great reviews were right on !
we chose this hotel based on its high ranking on tripadvisor and we were not disappointed .
while there are certainly hotels with more amenities and maybe even larger rooms , we loved everything about this place : the hotel staff was the most friendly hotel staff we 've ever encountered ; our room was so quiet it was hard to believe we were in crazy times square ; the bathroom was so clean it literally sparkled ; and the free wine and cheese was a nice relaxing break from the hordes of people out in times square .
of course , the hotel prices in nyc can be quite shocking , but since you 're going to pay this much for any decent hotel , you should definitely spend your good money here .
what was especially nice was being able to leave the absolute chaos of times square and come into a quiet relaxing space with certainly not as many guests as in some of the large hotels .
we 'll recommend this hotel to everyone we know and will definitely be back .
will definately return what can i say ? . . .staff very friendly  helpful .
beautiful hotel with lovely touches . .breakfast/wine/chocolate . .etc . .superb location for manhattan  subway .
it was our first visit to usa , never mind new york .
we will return and the hotel casablanca will be our place to stay .
thankyou for making ny memorable ! ! . . . .simondawn 
the reviews are true !
the previous reviews are absolutely correct - the location is excellent as you are approx 200 yards from times square , but the hotel is still remarkably quiet .
the rooms are adequately sized and very clean .
there is a decent buffet breakfast and complimentary wine in the evening which not all ny hotels provide .
the major selling point is the top notch customer service , all the staff are very friendly and helpful and you do genuinely feel welcome .
its not just me then at the moment i am trying to find a location for my honeymoon , and after much consideration have thought about returning to ny as it holds special memories from when my soon to be husband and i went there for our joint 21st .
my first and only port of call is the hotel casablanca .
prime location , roft terrace has breathtaking views , lovely coffee bar and welcoming staff , clean and comfty rooms .
whilst other hotels in ny might have more glitzs and glamour , numerous inhouse resturants and spas etc , they cant touch the personal service casablanca has to offer .
i was foolish enough to click onto trip advisor and think that maybe book another larger hotel as it was our honeymoon and couldnt believe my eyes when casablanca was rated number one . . . its not just me then .
all i can says is you certainly wont be disappointed . will let you know if its still as amazing after my return 
super ! great location !
we could walk everywhere .
well decorated and immaculate .
the staff was courteous , efficient and friendly .
we could not have been happier with our stay .
the best yet we stayed at the casablanca hotel for 6 nights in nov 07. we like everyone else had high expectations from all the excellent reviews on trip adviser and we can only whole heartedly agree .
from the moment we pulled up in the taxi the doorman was ready to take our cases , all of the staff were very friendly and chatty and always ready to help and if they didnt know anything they would get back to you . our room was on the 3rd floor we were offered a room at the back or the front , we chose the front whats the point of being in new york with out the noise .
the room was very clean and homely with bathrobes and slippers the bed was big enough with comfy pillows , we had a tv with a large selection of channels there was also a dvd player with complementary dvds available from reception ( and all of the films were set in or named after new york it was a nice touch and you 'd be surprised how many films there are ) .the bathroom was small but well equipt with nice toiletries and all mod cons including a phone ( well you never know when u 'll get the urge to chat ) theres also a safe in the room which was complementary .
ricks cafe was really nice and a relaxing place to sit and chat there was a good selection of bagels and coffees in themorning and the wine and cheese was very popular but the room never felt crowded even though most people used it at some point .
we have previously stayed at the marriott marquis and said that we would go back but with the price increase there we decided to try the casablanca its not cheap but its worth every cent if its all about location then what more could you want than just metres away from times square .
superb customer service as i expected , after reading the unbelievably glowing reports of the casablanca - the concierge service and general friendliness of the staff was absolutely excellent .
the only reason i have not given the hotel the same kind of review is because of a few minor things , but none of them serious . yes , the complimentary breakfast is really useful , but after 7 days it was a bit samey - but remember , this is free ! ! so no real complaints there . we did not really make use of the free cheese and wine as we were out virtually all day and into the night , but i did use it on our first night and was stunned at the quality of the wine and cheese available - shame it did not start sooner and end later as we would have used it every day .
if you 're the sort of tourist who likes a 9-5 day with an evening out after getting changed , then this is ideal for you . we were in the hotel over thanksgiving , so it was pretty packed but we never had a problem getting a table at rick 's cafe .
noise - did not affect us at all , all you need to do is ask for a quiet room , we were on the sixth floor .
in fact i was absolutely amazed at how quiet the hotel was considering that the noisiest and busiest place in the world - times square is literally 30 yards away ! our toilet got blocked too ( is this a hotel plumbing problem ? ) , but there was no problem getting it unblocked .
i was surprised to hear that another reviewer met an unhelpful member of staff , as everyone we met was superb .
considering some of the ridiculous requests we heard in the breakfast area from some of the guests , i 'm amazed that the staff were so courteous .
i sometimes wonder why people go on holiday at all if they only like things done in a certain way . yes , the room was small but we were not really in the room for long enough periods for this to be a problem .
towels changed every day as were the toiletries . we also received a free bottle of champagne , as it was our wedding anniversary - this seems to be standard practice now for decent hotels if you mention a special celebration .
i just hope people do not start abusing this and make up a birthday just to get a free bottle of bubbly . overall , our stay at the casablanca was brilliant and i have no hesitation in recommending it - but do not go there if you like faceless corporate hotels .
we love the casablanca !
during the past 4 years we 've stayed at the casablanca whenever we 've visited ny .
the atmosphere and staff are warm and friendly .
we feel like we 're visiting with family and friends instead of being just another guest in one of the larger commercial type hotels .
the lounge is the perfect place to sit and read the paper , meet with friends or just relax after a busy day in the city with a cup of hot tea .
it 's hard to believe it 's only a few steps from busy times square .
we love it ! marian merewitz 
the best hotel my mum and i stayed here for four nights mid november 2007.
i booked after reading all the reviews on trip advisor i thought that many people ca not be wrong , they wer not .
there is a reason this hotel is rated no .1 in new york on so many websites . what can i say .
our room was small but perfectly formed with everything we needed to make our stay comfortable , iron  ironing board , huge shower , hair dryer , air con , huge tv etc etc , the 2nd floor lounge provided us with a 'free ' plentifull breakfast and snacks and coffee 24hours a day and even better in the evening 'again free ' wine with cheese and biscuits .
the free internet access is a great idea if you have to check your emails we just used it for checking the times of one of the trips we had organised .
this is one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in and i stay in a few with work all over its just like nothing i have stayed in before , its not flash or ultra modern its also not one of these hotels where you feel like you are walking on eggshells everywhere .
the staff were superb and on hand any time of day to help , advise , make dinner reservations or simply open the door for you .
i appreciate good service and going the extra mile when i see it .
the thing is this hotel does not need all ritz and glamour its just perfect the way it is .
the location is fabulous right in the centre of manhattan so its perfect for exploring uptown as well as downtown its also pretty close to 5th avenue which is handy for last minute shopping . i am happy to say that this little hotel made our stay in new york that bit more special we felt extremely valued customers not just a number like you do in some bigger group hotels . you must try the itlaian next door as well we ate there one night and it really was quite good . i would certainly recommend this hotels to all my friends and family if they were going to new york .
the best !
i travel to new york for pleasure trips about once or twice a year , and i have stayed at the casablanca for the past 6 years .
it is a wonderful small hotel .
it is right in the middle of everything , but you would never know it because of the great soundproofing that has been done to the hotel . you receive personal service and the rooms are so nice and clean .
they have a great breakfast in the mornings that is included in the room charge .
they also have snacks out for you all day .
this is really enjoyable after a long day of sightseeing and walking . i feel very safe and at home when i am staying as a guest at the casablanca .
an oasis in manhattan !
we arrived before our designated check in time , but it was absolutely no problem for the reception staff to let us check in and go to our room .
the receptionist was great whenever we asked for them for anything and made a point of telling us about the 2nd floor lounge and the breakfast and evening cheese and wine reception .
like another reviewer we were given the freedom to use the lounge the day we checked out and they also said we should join them for the cheese and wine if we were still in town . the theme of the hotel was impeccably observed in the public areas and the bedrooms .
everywhere we went was spotless and well looked after .
the free internet access was also an unexpected bonus . the hotel do not provide the room service themselves , so i do not think it 's fair to include this in rating their service . we could not have wished for a better location for our 3 nights , we walked up and down to madison sq garden and central park several times so this made a fantastic base .
it 's not the cheapest place around , but we 've stayed elsewhere in manhattan and you get much more here for your money than i 'd expected .
going to new york ?
then you really ought to stay here ! ! !
best hotel in new york just back from a stay in this wonderful hotel .
i have been to new york 8 times now and this was my first time to stay here .
have stayed in the likes of the plaza on 5th ave before and have to say that i found this hotel the best of the lot .
i can not recommend this place enough . the friendliest staff you will ever find anywhere .
the hotel itself is very clean .
i though the room was a fine size considering what i have read .
the bathroom was also fine .
only problem was i would have liked it to have air con as when opening the window the smell from the italian next door was not to pleasant .
rik 's cafe was fantastic .
great breakfast and great wine !
when we checked out i could not believe it when we were told to make full use of the cafe until we had to get the flight .
we were also told that if we had a late flight the make sure we came back for the wine and cheese later , even though we were checked out !
they were truly amazing .
cant fault anything , location , cleanliness , friendliness , food , everything was great .
try tony 's next door for the best italian food ever ( and apple martinis ! )
jimmy 's cornor around the block is an experience .
a dive but a fantastic dive !
owned by a professional boxer who serves behind the bar this place has so much atmosphere .
want to meet true new yorkers well here is the place to go .
also try st . andrews 2 doors up .
the casablanca is fantastic we stayed in the casablanca hotel for three days in november , as i was with a friend , we booked a suite , with a fabulous bedroom and lounge with a sofa bed .
i noticed other reviewers mentioning the rooms are on the small side , but our suite certainly was not .
the staff are fantastic - so friendly and helpful .
the breakfast and wine evenings in the beautiful lounge are a real added bonus , and the delicious fresh coffee available 24 hours was very welcome ! .
the hotel is a very high standard , we could not find a single thing wrong - the standard of the decor and general cleanliness is the highest i 've ever experienced - and i include some much more expensive chain hotels .
everything about the casablanca was perfect , the location , the decor , the staff , the breakfast .
i will definitely stay there again - in fact anything less than this would be a disappointment now .
best hotel i 've ever stayed in i picked the hotel casablanca based on the recommendations of others on tripadvisor , and we were not disappointed .
the location is good ; the staff are extremely friendly and helpful ; the rooms are a reasonable size , very clean , well equipped , and very peaceful in spite of the bustling location ; and the breakfast was delicious ( continental , but so much better than you normally come to expect from such a term ! ) .
best of all , though , was the feeling of tranquility : after a busy day on the town , we could return to this oasis of calm , enjoy some ( delicious ) hazelnut coffee and buns , then head back to the room to freshen up before coming down later for cheese and prosecco with the sound of piano music in the background . ok , so it is not exactly cheap .
but nowhere in new york is .
and we have stayed in expensive luxury hotels before and felt mightily ripped off .
not so this time - we will definitely be back to casablanca !
cool casablanca we stayed at the casablanca for five nights recently and cannot rate it highly enough .
what a great location !
it is literally around the corner from times square/broadway , right in the hub of things , yet our room towards the rear of the hotel was really quiet and peaceful . everything about this boutique hotel is first class from the buffet style breakfast in ricks bar to the cheese and wine reception each evening .
rooms are quite roomy by new york standards and are beautifully decorated in warm , north african tones .
staff are all very helpful and friendly and will book restaurants etc for you if needed .
if you are looking for a 5 star quality boutique hotel in new york then i would definately recommend the casablanca .
a fantastic hotel i can only echo what others have said .
this is a great hotel in an ideal location with helpful friendly staff .
a glass ( or 2) of wine atthe end of a days wandering around the city was really something to look forward too .
it is definately a hotel i would recommend and one we hope to return to .
hard to fault just got back from a long weekend in ny and stayed here .
i booked this hotel in march based mainly on the reviews on this website and i have to say they were spot on .
the location was perfect , not more than 100yds from time square .
the service was top draw .
without exception staff were very helpful and friendly .
we had a queen size room which although not large was adequate for our needs , very clean and well decorated .
and contra to one recent review i read just before going , was very quiet .
the complimentary continental breakfast was good and we loved the cheese and wine between 5 and 8pm .
very nice touch , especially as they wo not slow in refilling your glass as many times as you liked : - )i would say if you like the atmosphere of a big hotel this may not be the place for you but i personally could not fault it and think you 'll behard pressed to better it for service anyway .
fabulous atmosphere !
we have just returned from our first trip to ny and found all the staff at the casablanca hotel very helpful and friendly .
the hotel was extremely clean and had a wonderful atmosphere , which made our visit so memorable .
we found rick 's bar relaxing at the end of a busy day , and it was great to talk to different people staying at the hotel while relaxing over a glass ( or two ! ) of wine . the hotel is situated so close to times square that it makes exploring and visiting all the major attractions so easy ! we have just had a great 6 days at the hotel and would certainly recommend it to anyone going to new york .
we ca not wait to return !
a wonderful hotel wow what can we say , the hotel is fantastic , the location is fantastic ( just off times square )  the staff are fantastic !
we only had 3 nights in this lovely hotel i just wish we could have stayed longer .
we 're definately staying there again when we go back to nyc .
the hotel is spotlessly clean  we had a free room upgrade ( which was gorgeous ) the staff were so courteous and friendly , nothing was too much trouble .
we can definately recommend the complementry cheese  wine every evening before heading out to paint the city red , white  blue .
we had a fantastic stay thank you casablanca .
i love the casablanca i just stayed at the casablanca while i was married in new york .
a bunch of other people from our party booked there as well - - my sister , my parents , some of my husband 's groomsmen , some cousins , some friends from england .
we had an absolutely fantastic experience .
the service is to dream of ; everyone was so nice .
we used the hotel lobby , with its wonderful snacks and wine nights , as a convenient meet - up spot for everyone not staying at the hotel , and were overall treated like visiting royalty .
it 's an expensive property , but within the price range to be expected around times square , and i thought it was just beautiful , wonderful , clean , overall ridiculously good .
as we checked out , the staff joked that they wanted us to stay forever , and not to forget to come back for our anniversaries . . . and we wo not !
we love the casablanca it was my wife 's 50th birthday and she wanted to go to new york , her favorite place in the world .
we chose the casablanca mainly on the strength of tripadvisor reviews and also the fact it is at times square , the centre of the universe !
our third visit to the big apple but our first time in a small boutique hotel but we absolutely loved it .
the room was adequate size and spotless with good air - con ( essential ) .
the staff were excellent from the front desk to the domestic staff .
the daily cheese  wine were such a bonus after a busy day in the city and was the perfect way to wind down and relax .
breakfast  24 hr coffee on tap were also a great bonus .
we spent two weeks this time in new york  loved every minute of it .
we ca not wait to go back again  would not hesitate returning to the casablanca .
great place , everything we hoped for !
what can i say ?
everything you read from the comments made here over the last number of months is true .
it 's a great place to stay , the staff are helpful and pleasant beyond what you would expect in ny .
go and try it - you wo not be disappointed !
amazing service  from start to finish , our stay at the casablanca hotel was outstanding !
the room was good size by new york standards , with a large bathroom too .
everything was clean and comfortable .
the staff was amazing !
the service was on par with hotels like the four seasons , if not better !
the location was excellent , right in the heart of times square , yet when you 're in the hotel it 's so quiet and peaceful you 'd never know it .
the nightly wine and champagne reception is a great bonus too .
i ca not recommend this hotel enough !
outstanding hotel we loved the location  the staff was great .
they went out of their way to be friendly  helpful .
delightful breakfast  wine  cheese hour .
my husband was thrilled to have the internet available .
we look forward to staying there next time we are in new york .
an oasis in the madness of times square an excellent hotel which is located right in the centre of manhattan - it 's on times square so you ca not get more central than that !
the hotel is clean and cosy and the staff are excellent - friendly and knowledgeable about the surroundings , transport and ny in general .
the complimentary breakfast is a bonus which sets you up for the day just as the complimentary wine , cheese and crackers in the evening helps you to relax after a day on the town before you re - enter the nighttime part of your stay .
i could not recommend this hotel enough which is just as well as i intend to return again soon !
very hard to beat great location - steps away from times square and the subway .
we had a room facing the interior of the building ( not a good view ) , but it was totally insulated from the noise outside . room was very functional - comfortable bed , robes , and good wireless connection .
housekeeping was first - rate ( efficient and unobtrusive ) .
if you 're into watching tv , you might be less than happy with the reception or the tv itself , but this was not a big deal for us . the second floor lounge is a great feature - open all day with beverages and snacks .
this is a nice gathering spot for the continental breakfast in the morning and the wine  cheese reception each evening . biggest plus is the staff .
they are great .
always willing to help , and always with a great attitude .
have not experienced anything like this from any hotel in quite some time .
we certainly plan to stay here again .
must stay hotel ny we stayed for a couple of nights at this hotel .
right in the heart of times square .
as a previous review had said the rooms were small but immaculately clean , well serviced and quite .
a little local knowledge ask for a room at the back - no noise from the street , unlike other hotels we had stayed at previously . the staff were very helpful , had immpecable manners and worked with good nature . the glass of wine provided in the lounge , or two or three , if you stayed the full 3 hours it was on offer was very welcome .
crackers , cheese and grapes also complimented the choice of red , white or fizzy wine .
oh and there was coffee and tea and cookies available 24hrs . we will stay here again and have no hesitation in recommending this hotel . kr 
great little hotel this hotel was very quaint and the service is outstanding .
the front desk staff had answers to every question we had about the city . we enjoyed being able to grab breakfast very quickly each morning , not a lot of variety but it was included in the room cost , a nice value add . rooms are small but clean and a bit noisy with the window air conditioner .
room service is available from the italian restaurant next door - great food and quick service , even on a saturday night .
they post the charge to your room . great loccation .
within walking distance to the theater , the museums and of course times square . i would definely recommend this hotel to a traveler looking for a boutique hotel experience .
what a brilliant location .
have just returned from our first trip to new york and stayed at the casablanca on a friend 's recommendation .
a fantastic location steps from times square and yet once inside the hotel all the hustle and bustle seemed miles away .
the staff were extremely attentive and friendly and nothing was too much trouble .
the breakfast being included was a big plus and so too were the coffee and pastries available throughout the day .
the room although on the small size was beautifully clean and comfy .
we shall certainly recommend this hotel to anyone we know thinking of taking a trip to manhattan .
just a great hotel having just returned from a four night stay at the casablanca we felt , we had to give an excellant review on this hotel it was all and more of what has been written before .
in our view a real gem , it is not often you can say that about a hotel , so if you are planning a visit to new york and want a good hotel , look no further this is the best .
dont just take our word for it , book it and you wont be dissapointed .
another great stay this was our second stay at the casablanca hotel .
it 's located just steps from times square . pluses :1.
location - one half block off broadway , but very quiet .2.
size of hotel - it 's an intimate hotel rather than one of the mega chains .
no crowds , no waiting in line to check in , ask a question or check out .3.
friendly helpful staff - whether you need directions , a restaurant recomendation or just to chat .
you can tell they like working there .4.
rick 's cafe - it 's not really a cafe , more of an extremely large living room/dining area .
a light breakfast and wine and cheese in the afternoon are included .
coffee , iced tea and cookies all day long .5.
free wifi and free internet on their computer at rick 's . minus :1.
small bathrooms in this older building .
a small compromise for a great place to stay . we will definitely return .
casablanca rules we have just returned from a weekend in new york .
we stayed at the casablanca and were really impressed .
the staff were amazingly helpful and friendly and made us feel really welcome .
room was a good size for a city hotel and was very clean .
the bed was incredibly comfortable .
the lounge with the buffet breakfast and cheese and wine was a great addition .
location was fab , just a few steps from times square , what more can i say !
overall would definitely recommend and certainly hope to go back .
beautiful little hotel wonderful little hotel 1/2 block off of time square in the middle of everything .
the hotel is truly an oasis from the chaos of times square .
the room size was considerably larger than most ny rooms .
extremely clean and also had a very large bathroom ( two people could fit comfortably at the same time ) .
the breakfast which was included in the rate was a variety of continental items .
they also always had ice tea , cookies and the capuccino machine to use .
in the pm , they had wine and cheese .
we have stayed in ny many times and this hotel was the best yet .
saw that it was rated #1 by users on this site and took a chance .
extremely pleased !
a great place to stay in new york city i had read many reviews on tripadvisor before selecting the casablanca for our new york visit .
how could one not at least try the number one rated hotel in nyc at least once ?
we stayed six nights and were delighted that so many of the good things said about this property were really true .
the staff is excellent , the location ideal ( though we do not love times square ) , the rooms clean and tastefully decorated , though of course on the small size , the bathrooms gigantic by ny standards , and the breakfasts delightful .
the bathrooms also have great shelf space for all the toiletries etc . that we always travel with .
we also appreciated being able to come back at any time of day or evening and go to the second floor lounge for cold or hot drinks , cookies and fruit .
we only got to the wine and cheese on friday evening and thoroughly enjoyed it .
the piano music was a very special treat .
we really appreciated the internet connection in our room as we travel with a portable computer .
we did suggest to the hotel that they replace their outdated tv 's with flat screened ones .
we also asked that they not increase their room rates . . . doubt if we will have that request honored !
we have put the casablance at the top of our list of places to stay when visiting ny .
wonderful experience ! !
i booked my stay at the casablanca having read the good reviews on tripadvisor and was not disappointed !
this hotel really is a hidden gem , just steps away from times square , the casablanca has some of the best and most helpful staff that i have experienced in over 25 years of travel .
the complimentary buffet breakfast really filled up the energy tanks whilst the cheese and wine from 5 p . m . until 8 p . m . was a great tonic after spending the day treading the streets as a tourist !
as for a family hotel ?
well i would have said that this hotel is generally not for kids however my three , 14yrs and twins of 11yrs absolutely adored the place and the staff - so perhaps i am wrong here ! !finally , having just finished three weeks of a family holiday starting in san francisco , down route 1 to santa monica , over to las vegas and finishing in new york , the vote as to our best hotel was overwhelmingly the casablanca ! !
i would not hesitate to recommend this hotel and their wonderful staff to anybody visiting the city ! !
casablance lived up to expectations this site helped me home in on the right hotel for new york .
the casablanca is excellent .
really good room very helpful staff provided good advice about everything we asked from best shows to places to eat .
we were upgraded to a king and it was one of the nicest rooms we have stayed in for a large city .
location was excellent just off times square but still quite .
the hotel is small with a nice communal area where you can have breakfast and complimentary wine in the evening .
the italian adjacent is really good and bar bxl has good belgium beer .
a recommendation to friends and colleagues .
loved the casablanca just back from a 5 night stay at the casablanca .
it was very clean and quiet even though our room was right next to the lift and the hotel is just around the corner from times square .
the complementary buffet breakfast was good .
i would recommend it to my friends .
great inexpensive hotel in the heart of times square .
great for the price .
we stayed there for a one night getaway to nyc .
we used to go to nyc a few times a year and have not been in a while .
hotel rates have shot up since the last time we went and many of the nicer hotels are now $500 and $600 a night .
we just could not justify spending that much this time .
we saw the reviews of the casablanca and decided to try it .
excellent location , great staff .
we liked the breakfast , wine , and coffee throughout the day .
the rooms are a little small compared to some of the higher priced hotels but again you??e saving $150 to $200 bucks a night and you ca not beat the location .
it reminds me of a european type hotel .
the staff was always friendly and chatty .
i would stay there again . i wanted to try the cookies since it mentioned something on their website about the chocolate chip cookies .
they seemed like chips - ahoy cookies , nothing special .
they had those and oreos out all day .
that 's probably the difference between a $300 and $600 hotel .
you will leave happy my wife and i live 45 minutes north of nyc city and love going to broadway shows , having dinner and sleeping over for special occasions .
we have stayed in numerous hotels over the years and have finally found our favorite ! !
you will not be disappointed with all the offerings in the lounge .
we will be there again soon ! !
we stayed at the casablaca for 3 nights on our first visit to new york .
the hotel is in a prime location just off times square .
our room , although on the small side was very clean , very comfortable and had everything we needed .
we were at the back overlooking the patio area so it was relatively quiet .
the staff were all helpful and welcoming .
the breakfasts - help yourself buffet - were eaten in rick 's cafe with a good selection of cereals , fruit , pastries etc .
there was also 24 hour access to coffee/tea here plus free use of internet .
we particulary enjoyed the cheese and wine events .
they were a good oppportunity to return after a day 's sightseeing and meet other guests before going out to explore the city at night .
we would recommend this small boutique hotel highly and certainly use it again if we revisited new york .
casablanca - 16th - 21st july my wife and i arrived at the casablanca after a nightmare ba flight and our hearts lifted at the warm welcome we received .
you could walk past the hotel and not notice it was there as it is what i 'd describe as a boutique hotel .
however , the luggage was taken up and we were given room 605.
for ny standards , this was a good size room with working air - con and a comfy bed . the contintental breakfast was adequate for the purpose and the croissants , cereals , fruits and tea , coffee were fine .
the cheese and wine was a fantastic idea and a great way to relax after hitting the sites , shops etc . it is amazing to think that this hotel is a stones throw away from times square but there was no noise or hassles . as an aside , i would not recommend tony 's restaurent nearby as you could not order anything for yourself as portions were for 2-3 people .
however , there is a fanstasic italian - bella italia on 43rd street between 7th and 8th avenue which does the most amazing salads i 've ever had . if returning to nyc would stay here again , but would probably spend more time in soho , greenwich village etc etc 
fabulous this hotel really is fabulous .
i was booking a trip to new york for my husbands 40th .
i spent ages looking at different hotels and their reviews and nothing really jumped out at me .
i then found best hotels site on trip advisor and gave it ago and i am so glad we did .
the hotel is perfectly situated and although its noisey on the outside once inside its quiet and peaceful .
all the hotel staff are very friendly and helpful and nothing is too much trouble for them .
the breakfast is help yourself with a selection of fruit salads , bagels , cream cheese , hard boiled eggs , and a selections of cereals plus the tea , coffee , juice .
after a hard days walking and sight seeing its great to sit down have a glass of wine or 3 and a selection of cheeses and biscuits too what more would you ask for .
the room we stayed in ( standard ) was not huge but a good size and with tv and dvd player mini bar and a lovley bathroom with robes , soaps shampoos , cotton wool and cotton wool buds they have thought of everything even slippers ! yes i would stay again and am extremely happy to recommend .
the price we paid via the net was $249 but there are taxes on that to take into consideration .
however a bargin all in all .
tony 's restaurant next door is very good and the portions are huge so if you are from the uk share the main course and even the starters are big - ask the waiter just in case and by the way they are really friendly too !
great hotel in a fantastic location !
we stayed at the casablanca hotel last week and we can fully concur why it is rated as number one on tripadvisor ! service was attentive , discreet and efficient .
our rooms were very pleasantly furnished and well equipped .
internet access was supplied for free and every evening they offered complimentary wine and cheese in very convivial surroundings .
just the job after a busy day of retail therapy or tramping around the ny tourist traps . continental breakfast was also provided , which is unusual for american hotels .
this included fruit , cereal , very fresh pastries as well as different types of tea and coffee , plus freshly squeezed orange juice - delicious . the only negative thing was the noise which the window mounted air conditioning units made .
it was possible to turn them off and to close them off from the room by closing the inner window .
this was okay bearing in mind how noisy new york is as a city .
this proved to be a minor inconvenience , rather than a problem . the best bit comes last .
this hotel is in a side road , just a few steps away from times square .
there are a couple of subway stations within a very easy walk so the whole of new york is within very easy reach .
this hotel could not be better located . all in all , very good indeed .
we now refer to tripadvisor whenever we book a hotel and this one is a real gem !
if you can get a reservation , go for it !
quiet and mellow hard to believe but the casablanca is a quiet , mellow and peaceful oasis in the middle of times square .
first trip to nyc .
saw the moma , the top of the rock , museum of photography and jersey boys @ the august wilson theater . . . .all within walking distance of the hotel casablanca !
even with my husband who has mobility problems we easily navigated times square .
next time we will venture into the subway .
staff at the hotel was exceptionally nice , rick 's cafe a plus . . . cappucino machine is the best , the wine and cheese also very nice touch along with the breakfasts .
we will definetely stay here again .
look no further this is the place to stay in nyc .
stop looking . . . this is the place !
after many near - hits and more misses in ny , we have found our ny hotel for life !
if you like boutique hotels and want to be near the action of times square , this is the place for you .
clean , convenient , great staff , and wonderful continental breakfast in the guest lounge .
also in the lounge , you 'll find a computer with free internet connection , plenty of seating to relax with a book or newspaper , and a self - serve cappuccino machine that puts starbucks to shame .
our standard room was surprisingly comfortable by ny standards and the noise of times square was not noticeable at night even though we were at the front side of the hotel .
bonus - - the restaurants on both sides of the hotel are worth eating at .
thanks to all of you who led us in the right direction toward this little gem on 43rd street .
amazing stay at the casablanca i can only add to the glowing reviews of this fantastic boutique hotel .
we stayed for 5 nights at the end of june .
it was my first time in new york and we couldn?? have stayed in a better located hotel .
i would recommend it heartily to first - timers as you are a very short walk from times square . the rooms are nicely decorated .
i didn?? feel that they were small but haven?? stayed in too many us hotels ? ? anyway they were of a perfectly adequate size and had just enough closet space for our needs .
the bathroom was also nice with a good shower . we were put in a room at the front of the building ? ? after sleeping off the jet lag i couldn?? sleep the first night because of the noise from the construction across the street in the front of the building .
however the staff couldn?? have been nicer and moved us the very next day .
i would recommend that you ask for an inside room . for the first two nights we didn?? need to buy breakfast or dinner because we ate plenty in rick?? ? ? the breakfast is excellent and the selection of cheese and wine in the evening very good . i cannot speak highly enough of the staff ? ? from the second you arrive until when you leave you are made to feel very welcome . we will stay at casablanca again !
the casablanca is a stand out my husband and i recently stayed at the casablanca and were very impressed with this hotel .
the staff were caring and extremely helpful and went to great lengths to see that we were comfortable and our needs met .
i have stayed at a number of new york hotels and have met with indifferent service and a lack of concern at them all .
however , the casablanca is different .
the staff are all wonderful , the position brilliant , the rooms lovely , breakfast very good and the drinks at 5:00pm a very nice touch .
we would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to new york city .
the reviews are true . . . an oasis amid nyc !
after reading all the great reviews , i decided to give casablanca a try .
i was super - picky . . . i wanted a great location , a great price and a nice hotel .
honestly , i got all three with casablanca .
the other places i considered were about $200, so this one was a bit more but we got free breakfast every morning ; wine and cheese in the evening ; plus there were always cookies and drinks out .
and i ca not say enough about the atmosphere .
the pictures do not lie so check them out .
and finally , location .
we were literally about 10 steps from the edge of times square .
service was excellent . . . i could keep going but just book it ! !
wonderful , friendly hotel my daughter and i recently made out first visit to new york . the casablanca hotel was a great choice for two girls alone in the big city .
the staff was very friendly and as we were greeted each time we returned , it always felt like we were coming home . the location near times square is great - - central to everything . rick 's lounge - - for guests only , and open 24 hours a day - - is a great place to relax and have a cup of espresso .
the breakfast ( included ) had a variety of pastries and other goodies .
plenty of wine and cheese could be had at the wine hour in the evening .
our room was small and opened to an inside lightwell , but was very clean , comfortable , and nicely furnished .
would definitely stay again ! !
i will be back to this one ! !
this hotel deserves to be at #1 for all the reasons quoted by other travellers .
the staff are genuinely friendly , not like the forced saccharine greeting or downright rudeness of many nyc hotels . in contrast to a previous reviewer , i found the bedroom roomy compared to the much smaller , often dirty , rooms i have occupied on my many previous visits to the big apple - staying in the large tourist hotels . the nightly wine and cheese in rick 's is a brilliant idea and allows casual socialising which rarely happens when staying in the big chains .
silver wedding anniversary we have just returned home after the best 8 days of our life staying at the casablanca hotel .
the whole experience was perfect from day one when a bottle of champagne to celebrate our anniversary was sent to our room ( compliments of the hotel ) .
everyday we were greeted by extremely pleasant , helpful staff - whether at the door , on the front desk or up in rick 's cafe .
we enjoyed 3 excellent meals at tony 's next door and on our last night we found - saju 120 west 44th street ( french vietnamese cuisine ) - their food was delicious . of course we did all the usual sight seeing trips as well check out the apple store near central park as it is really impressiveour holiday was everything we could have hoped for and more ! ! ! thanks again to all at the casablanca 
just terrific !
i , with three other family members , had a family reunion and stayed in this hotel .
we had a fantastic 3 night stay !
the ( genuine ) warm welcome at check - in carried on throughout the whole staff .
the compact room ( not big by american standards , but lovely ) met every requirement and the cheese and wine evenings provided a wonderful opportunity to meet and talk with the other guests - something lacking in almost every hotel .
we ca not wait to have another excuse to return to this 'oasis in times square '.
i recommend it to everyone i know who is taking a trip over the pond to the big apple .
great stay at the casablanca my wife and i stayed at the casablanca for six nights from june 30 to july 6.
this hotel has been ranked number 1 by tripadvisor among hotels in new york city for the past several months , and we found several reasons supported its lofty ranking . location - there could not be a better hotel location in new york city .
the hotel is a few steps away from the hustle and bustle of times square and broadway and is within a leisurely stroll of rockefeller center and grand central station .
it is also within two blocks of two subway stations , which provides easy access to the rest of manhattan as well as to brooklyn , the bronx , and queens .
i recommend getting a 7- day mta subway pass for tourists spending more than a few days in the city - it 's a real money saver over taxis , and for the most part , the subway is clean , efficient , and safe . room - we had a queen - bed room , which was clean and well - appointed .
the bathroom was nice - sized and immaculate , which is not always the case for a midtown - manhattan hotel .
although it is located close to the noise of times square , the hotel provided an oasis of calm admist the activity .
if you can , ask for a room in the back to avoid any noise from construction across the street from the front of the building . service - as noted by other reviewers , the service was top - notch , with the bellmen , front - desk people , cafe servers , and maids all friendly , knowledgeable , and accommodating .
we asked for a small refrigerator when we reserved the room , and one was promptly provided .
my wife thought their coffee was superlative , and the complimentary continental breakfast - coffee , juice , water , bagels , croissants , yogurt , pastries , and cereal - provided in the cafe/lounge was a great way to start the day .
in addition , the hotel provided complimentary bottles of water every couple days or so during our stay .
the computer terminal in the lounge was beneficial to check work e - mail .
( they could think about having a sign - in sheet or limiting usage when many people want to use it - the sofitel has three computer terminals in their lobby ) .price - although the price is not necessarily inexpensive by smaller cities ' standards , for midtown manhattan , it 's a relative bargain .
we initially thought about reserving a room at the sofitel - number 2 on this website - but were able to get a more affordable rate at the casablanca , which is also in a slightly better location than the sofitel .
for all of these reasons , we recommend the casablanca highly to anyone looking for a convenient , peaceful place to enjoy the definitive new york city experience . service 
quiet and mellow this boutique hotel was excellent ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the moment you walk inside this hotel you are greeted with a friendly hello .
the men working at the front desk were very kind .
when we got into the room , it was warm and well decorated .
the bathroom was very big .
although the casablanca was not a full service hotel , on the second floor their was a cozy sitting area with a computer , plazma screen t . v . and a table with cookies , pastries , fruit , iced tea , water , hot tea , and coffee .
there was also a very easy to use machine that can make expressos , lattes , and cappuccinos .
at around five o 'clock , they had a variety of cheeses and crackers .
there was also wine .
this was a the perfect time to wind down from running around the city .
for breakfast there was delicious croissants , pastries , hard boiled eggs , mixed fruit , yogurt , and orange juice , and cranberry juice .
the hotel is in the middle of the times square , but the atmosphere inside was quiet and mellow .
everyone seemed to be happy working there and it was reflected in their treatment of their guests .
will stay there again .
ca not wait for our next visit !
this was our second visit to casablanca hotel in new york city .
once again it was a wonderful experience !
rick 's cafe was a delicious , welcome oasis both for breakfast and wine and cheese after spending the day in the city .
the hotel staff is tops , friendly and knowledgeable about nyc !
best stay in mid - town ny we are native new yorkers who moved to the suburbs , and stay in mid - town several times a year .
we will not stay anywhere else .
casablanca has the best continental plus breakfast , and rick?? caf? is open 24/7 for a snack , coffee , lattes , drinks and more .
it is a quiet peaceful oasis in the heart of the theater district , a couple of steps ( literally ) from times square . the staff is cheerful and efficient .
it is literally the only place that we will stay in nyc .
we stayed in a number of hotels before finding casablanca , and now we are hooked .
if you are traveling with kids book well in advance ; they only have six or seven 2+ rooms . quick tip : the hotel has an arrangement with the parking garage next door $25 a day ; make sure to have the front desk validate your parking .
the garage has entrances on both 43rd and 44th 
a great find our stay at the casablanca made the trip to new york even better than great .
we arrived at 6:30 a . m . and the staff immediately took our luggage and invited us up to the second floor for the breakfast even though we had not officially started our stay .
what a great way to begin ! the staff continued to be helpful with suggestions for meals - -all their suggestions were great - -routes to sites , and more .
they were knowledgable and very personable .
the 2 servers upstairs at ricks were wonderful and always so nice and had great smiles .
we loved the breakfast and the great room to sit with our other friends and read , talk , and review pictures .
loved the computer availability too . the room was small , but very clean and comfortable .
the shower was magnificent - -great pressure .
quiet too .
location was super . we were with 2 other couples and we all agreed that we would return and recommend the casablanca to anyone .
loved it !
loved it !
loved it !
from the moment we walked in the door , everything was wonderful .
the front desk staff were friendly , efficient , helpful , and just plain nice - every time , every person .
our room was small ( but larger than hotels in paris ! ) , clean , modern , and very quiet .
we celebrated our 30th anniversary there and it could not have been better .
the location is great if you 're doing mid - town activities and just far enough off of times square to not have the noise .
breafast was simple and adequate and the wine and cheese in the afternoon were a nice touch after being gone all day .
i would stay there again and highly recommend it .
good job ! well done !
wonderful oasis near time square - the number one in ny we stayed at the casablanca in may 2007, and i have to say that it was wonderful .
from the first moment , everyone at the hotel was friendly and try to help .
the rooms have a normal size , it is enough space .
the bed is comfy , the windows are large ( there are two windows , so it is really quite in the rooms , although the time square is around the corner ! ) , the bathroom is nice with a large mirror .
the breakfast is wonderful !
every day you can choose fresh fruits , bakery , fresh orange juice .
the best is the big esprosso machine , where you can make a superb coffee ( lavazza coffee ) .
the machine is on the whole day , so you can take a cup of coffee ( or more ; - ) whenever you want .
internet acess is free in the breakfast room , there is a terminal with a printer .
we were happy to stay in the casablanca , and we will definatly stay here again .
play it again , sam ! stay there again , sam ! we 've travelled the world . . . .all of europe , asia , and the caribbean . . . .we 've stayed at some of the highest rated hotels around .
our favorite hotel , is our own home town new york 's casablanca ! being local to us , we feel the most relaxed and unwound there in the heart of times square !
who would think !
although we feel when all is taken into consideration for what you get there , it is a bargain , however , it 's really not in our local budget - but we find a way to make it happen .
do not even want to go to the theater now for a show , if the evening doesnt end up there !
feels like our home away from home .
cozy , classy , quaint , charming , immaculate , incrediblely helpful  friendly staff , incredible extras , ideal location , beautiful rooms , what more could one really want in a hotel ? bye - bye big chains , you 've been beat out by the 'boutique '!
casablanca is the only place to stay in new york !
trust a born and bred new yorker ! ! ! ! !
excellent stay .
we stayed at the hotel casablanca ? ?18th ? ?24th june this year and had a very good experience staying there and would highly recommend this hotel . normally we like 4 or 5 star hotels with all of the nice extras ? ? spa?? , restaurants , blah blah and would never normally consider a small hotel of a lower rating .
i booked casablanca due to the reviews on tripadvisor and yet again the reviews were accurate and did not let us down . we had a room on the sixth floor of the hotel overlooking other walls ? ? at the bottom was the courtyard so no view but then it didn?? matter .
the room was very very quiet and only occasionally we could here some sirens from the emergency services , but that was it .
now bearing in mind we are juts a few steps from a heaving and very noisy times square it was amazing .
also we never heard anything from any other rooms or from the corridors , which was a definite plus !
the air con worked well , we had a king size bed which was very comfortable , the bathroom was a decent size , very clean and the shower worked well ( occasionally the pressure would ease off but only for about 2 seconds so was never a major problem .
we had plenty of storage space for 2 people for the week and i didn?? think the room was a bad size to be honest .
ricks caf? on the second floor was a lovely place to chill again .
it had a small courtyard off it but people smoked out there so we didn?? make use of it .
the breakfast in the morning was just enough , pastries , fruit , eggs , bagels , yoghurts as well as tea coffee juices etc .
in the evenings there was complimentary wine and cheese evening along with fruit and popcorn .
the wine was very good , not rubbish wine which some places may try and fob off on you as its free !
we really enjoyed an hour there or so before going out in the evening .
there is a pc in there too along with a printer , which were very useful plus newspapers there all day .
on the friday evening there is a pianist who was a really lovely touch and we got to the lounge earlier that evening and enjoyed listening to him ! all of the staff was exceptionally nice and helpful .
the 2 ladies who work in ricks caf? were very sweet and always have a smile .
they always asked how you were and made conversation without being in your face .
the staff in reception was exceptional .
from the time we checked in until the time we got in the car to leave the hotel they gave 100% .
they made enquires about trips and did a restaurant reservation for us .
they answered all of our questions as best they could , if they didn?? know an answer they found it out somehow .
it had been my 40th birthday while i was there and on that evening a bottle of champagne was delivered to the room along with a little card , which we felt was a really nice touch . the location cannot be beaten ; you are in the centre of everything yet the peace and quiet of the hotel is indeed a haven . i highly recommend casablanca ? ? no fault in my opinion can be found .
thank you to all of the staff at the hotel for your help ? ? we look forward to a return visit one day !
surprisingly quiet . . .
we just returned from a great 4 night stay at the casablanca .
we were told by friends not to stay close to time square due to the noise .
after reading the reviews on tripadvisor we decided the casablanca sounded like the kind of place we enjoy , and it was .
a small and intimate hotel with great service and clean , which is a must in my opinion .
it was also great to discover that reports of the quiet hotel were in fact true and amazing as the location is just steps away from time square .
our room was lovely , very tastefully decorated and the hotel staff were very helpful and friendly .
our departure flight was not until 11pm and although we had officially checked out we were able to relax in the lounge before heading to the airport .
all in all a really good experience .
tony 's restaurant , next door , is a great place to eat and definitely good value for money .
the menu states the dishes are good for 2-3 people but i would say more like 4-5 people . we met up with friends who had booked into larger hotels and for various reasons were disappointed by their choices .
i think the boutique hotel is the way to go every time !
would not hesitate to recommend to all my friends and family everything we read about this fabulous boutique hotel was true .
this was our first trip to new york and we wanted it to be a fabulous experience , however , we did not want to pay a fortune to enjoy the experience .
this smaller hotel in the heart of manhatten fulfilled all of our expectations for a price that was neither at the bottom end of the scale or the top end .
i would recommend requesting a room at the back end of the hotel as there was construction taking place at the front , across the street .
despite the construction , the moment we walked through the entrance of the casablanca we enjoyed total silence .
the rooms are not large but are more than adequate .
they are very well appointed and the beds are extremely comfortable .
the best feature about this hotel is the wonderful continental breakfast and coffee , tea , iced tea and water are served all day long .
wine and cheese from 5:00 pm to 8:00 pm at no extra charge was a wonderful treat that we always looked forward to .
it was so welcoming to come home to at the end of a long and busy day .
loved the small patio .
this hotel is well appointed and the service was great .
my husband and i just loved it .
if comfort and charm are what you are looking for , i would not hesitate to recommend the casablanca .
no complaints here .
simply the best just first class , location , location , location . . . .only sixty steps from the main times square . . . small but excellent rooms .
staff that couldnt help you enough .
breakfast included . . . and cheese and wine from 5 till 8. definately will be coming back here .
stayed here from 13th to 16th june 2007, booked direct through trip advisor links .
wonderful stay at the casablanca booked two nights here in march for a quickie , mid - week spring break getaway with kids .
ca not say enough nice things about this hotel .
rooms are not huge , but are stylish and very clean .
we had a king size bed ( very comfortable ) and a sleep sofa ( as comfortable as can be expected ; for kids , just fine ) .
location , steps away from time square , short walk to theater district - fantastic for those eveningswhen you and 800 other people are trying to hail a cab after a show !
no room service , but ordered dinner one night from the italian restaurant adjacent to hotel ; a menu is in the room .
came quickly , huge portions , something for everyone , and i think the bill was less than $50 for 4 people .
took advantage each evening of the free happy hour - wine , champagne , i think beer also - cheese  crackers and other snacks ; a really nice touch and a great way to relax after pounding the pavement all day .
continental breakfasts include severalchoices like yogurt , bagels , cereals and fruit .
there is a coffee/cappuccino/hot water machine for use all day long , my kids loved making hot chocolate or tea whenever they wanted .
lounge area is comfortable and nicely furnished ; there is a piano , and a computer for checking email etc .
our train did not leave until the afternoon our last day ; they were happy to store our bags and let us bring back lunch and hang out in the lounge area .
staff is incredibly helpful , engaging , knowledgeable and just plain nice .
i would stay here again in a heartbeat .
the casablanca is all that they say it is !
we were at the casablanca hotel last week and loved it .
it is truly an oasis !
we highly recommend it - - you wo not be disappointed ! !
loved it !
after struggling with subpar midrange hotels in nyc for years , i am so pleased to have discovered the casablanca .
overall , i had a lovely stay .
all of the staff was incredibly friendly , the breakfast , wine and cheese , and all day cookies were lovely .
i know everyone else has said it , but it really did feel like an oasis in the city .
the front desk staff were especially helpful with subway directions , and even found me a cab in the rain , in times square !
my only , tiny , complaint was that the bed was not as comfortable as i would have liked .
everything else was terrific .
i will definitely be staying next time i go to nyc .
awesome experience my 78 year old mother , 18 year old daughter  i recently returned from a whirlwind 3- day trip to nyc .
i have been there many times and the casablanca hotel was by far my best hotel experience .
the location was central , the staff was very friendly and eager to help and the rooms were nice ( especially for nyc standards ) and very clean .
but probably the best thing about staying there was the value added by rick 's cafe .
we enjoyed complimentary breakfast and early evening wine and cheeses everyday we were there .
it also provided us with a comfortable place to sit and relax with a cup of tea or espresso ( also complimentary ) after a busy day of shopping or museum hopping .
i have no hesitation recommending this hotel to my friends and family and plan to stay there again myself .
awesome staff and fun location my younger sister and i recently stayed at the casablanca while visiting n . y . for her 18th birthday/graduation gift .
everything about the hotel is great !
the guys were so friendly and helpful while at the same time being very professional .
they went out of their way to make our stay comfortable and fun .
the room was nice and the breakfast was great to have available ( ok , so we only got up in time to eat it once ! )
having the wireless internet connection was over the top , since i sent pictures home daily of our experiences .
the hotel is in a great place to see and do everything and it was fun to be near all the excitment of times square ( litterly right at the door ) .
so many shopping opportunities ! i highly reccomend staying here and even for all my dad 's worrying , we felt very safe .
just a note to all : take the subway . . . . . . . what looks like close on the map . is not so close expecailly if you get lost like we did walking .
the subway is right there and takes you right to the major places . we had a wonderful time and made many memories !
location location location and the free wine !
we stayed here over memorial day weekend 07.
we arrived saturday morning at 11am and were courteously allowed to check into our room early .
they also told us to have a snack or coffee in rick 's bar the 2nd floor lounge as breakfast was just wrapping up . the room was small , but not tiny and very clean .
dvd player and cd player in the room , wish i had brought some music .
they have dvds to loan if you are in need of somethign to wathc .
location was excellent only a block from the 42nd street and times square subway station which was large with two lines running through it .
it was within walking distance of many parts of mid town manhattan .
also within blocks of most of the shows which is so conveinent as you do not need to grab a cab or a subway to get home after your show which can be difiicult as the theater crowd overloads both systems .
i would defintiely stay here again .
the staff were so courteous and sharp in their suits !
also wine and cheese served every night , loved to proseco !
perfect location/great staff/great breakfast , wine  my daughter and i just returned from staying at the casablanca hotel over the memorial day weekend .
we loved the location .
the hotel is just off times square but our room was quiet .
the proximity to the times square metro station is a real advantage .
the staff was friendly and very helpful and the breakfast in the second floor guest louge was great and a real money saver .
we would definitely stay there again . .
fantastic hotel after completing a lot of research about new york hotels we decided on the casablanca and we were not disappointed .
we loved the location and the speacial touches the hotel provided like the buffet breakfast and the cheese and wine .
the hotel was a great escape after a fun packed and tiring day sightseeing .
th rooms were to a high spec and very comfortable . it 's definately worth the extra money and we will be visting the casablana again next time we 're in new york .
stay here if you can we stayed at the casablanca for nine days from may 18th to may 27th . our flight landed at jfk after 11:00 pm so we did not arrive at the hotel until almost 1:00 am - after a wild ride from the airport by taxi .
it was a relief to be booked into our room , not large but certainly adequate for two with the features that we love - luxury towels and linen , hairdryer and in - room safe .
the next morning we enjoyed the complimentary breakfast of fresh fruit , fruit juices , pastries and bagels , cereals and a variety of coffees .
breakfast is served on the second floor where a 5:00 pm offering of wine and cheese is also enjoyed .
we especially looked forward to this feature after long days of walking , shopping and shows - we saw four plus a taping of the dave letterman show .
( spring awakening is an amazing show , with adult content ) .
we overheard several guests commenting on how much trhey loved the hotel .
the staff were friendly and seemed happy to greet us each day . they arranged for a 5:00 am car and driver for us for our trip back to jfk - a bit of a luxury but so calm and relaxing .
our driver commented that the casablanca hotel is one of new york 's hidden secrets .
we would have to agree .
cozy , warm  it 's hard to say anything new about this hotel , given the high number of reviews here .
the hotel staff were almost all young eastern europeans , and they have infused it with a level of intelligent sophistication and professionalism lacking from so many tourist hotels .
the feeling stepping through the hotel door from the chaos of times square was that of coming home .
a bit of a reality check : if you stay on a room facing the street you will hear plenty of city noise .
most perplexing was the sound of a trash compactor operating for hours on end .
one night we came home late and saw the truck busy munching on an enormous pile of garbage sacks .
however a sturdy pair of earplugs will ensure a sound night 's sleep . the beds and linens were high quality .
the morning breakfast included fresh pastries , boiled eggs , cereal , fresh fruit , bagels , cream cheese , butter , choice of gourmet coffees , teas  juices .
what more could you possibly want or need ?
considering all that is included , this hotel is a bargain . some suggestions : buy a subway/bus pass at the tourist center a few blocks north on broadway .
we found the subway safe , fast and easy to use once you figure out the letter system for the routes .
go to the discount ticket booth on 47th for half price broadway tickets on the day of the performance .
do not be discouraged by the line , we arrived late and still got 5 decent seats for les miserables .
you must have cash to pay for your tickets - no plastic .
ride the free staten island ferry to view the statue of liberty ( sit on the right side of the boat for the outbound trip ) .
skip the long line to go to the top of the empire state building and take the rockefeller center tour instead .
visit the downstairs food courts at grand central station or macy 's for great food .
the diner next to the casa blanca is very good , but stick to the burgers , sandwiches  desserts .
try to find the statue of balto the dog in central park !
fantastic believe everything you read on here this is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in . from the minute you arrive the staff ca not do enough to make your stay comfortable and memorable . it is an oasis of calm and peace and you cannot believe that just outside the door is times square . the location is perfect and coming back from a days sightseeing the free coffee , juice , fruit , cookies etc is a welcome sight .
the wine and cheese evening again all free is a wonderful way to start off the evening . the beds and pillows are so comfortable and the ceiling fans keep the room really cool at night and during the day .
a truly wonderful hotel and a definate must on a visit to new york would not hesitate to go back .
clean , comfortable , accommodating i hate to give away info on terrific places , because then it 's harderto book into them when you need them .
but i have to applaud the casablanca as a clean , comfortable hotel with a staff that went out of its way to help us .
we had to change our reservations for the first weekend of may due to a family medical emergency .
we were unsure on what day we would arrive or even if we would .
the hotel 's manager and staff worked with us to make certain we had a room when we finally got there .
the staff was always friendly , kind and helpful .
our room was clean and quiet , even though times square is only a few steps away from the hotel .
the bathroom sparkled .
the breakfast was delicious and free as part of the room charge , and from the hotel we could walk to multiple subway lines quickly .
a good choice !
home from home in manhattan we felt at home the minute we arrived at the casablanca .
staff were uniformly friendly and helpful without being intrusive , and service was first class .
the location could not be better - it 's just yards from the bustle of times square , but inside everything is quiet and relaxed .
the perfect place to return to after a busy day 's sightseeing . the room was a little small , but everything was spotless and the decor was just right to give a warm , intimate feel .
the breakfasts were very good , as were the complimentary drinks in the evening .
the lounge was a very pleasant place to relax . we will definitely return to the casablanca and would recommend it unreservedly .
an absolute delight ! hp , cambs , uk 
casablanca hotel - perfect place to stay i am very familiar with nyc having grown up in the area .
i have also stayed at some very nice hotels there over the years .
i loved the casablanca hotel .
i brought my niece with me for a long weekend .
we were right around the corner from times square - - close to the subway station , the theater district and lots of restaurants .
the hotel is a boutique hotel which is great because the staff knows you as you walk in and out which makes it feel very small town in the big city .
the rooms are smaller than big chains but they are also neater and cleaner .
unlike big hotels , you do not hear doors slamming all night , and other than the traffic around times square ( which is expected ) , it is very quiet .
the beds were very confortable .
free extras included a beautiful breakfast spread in rick 's cafe .
fresh pastries and bagels , cereals , yogurts , cappuccino , lattes , coffee , hot chocolate .
in the evening there is free wine , champagne , fruit , cheese , crackers .
late at night before going back to our room , we would go to rick 's cafe for cookies .
rick 's cafe was clean and comfy and gave us a chance to chat with other guests .
there is also a computer there ( with a printer ) so we could print our boarding passes .
for smokers , there is an outdoor patio with lots of potted plants .
the casablanca hotel is everything they say it is on their website .
it truly is an oasis in the middle of a very chaotic desert !
fabulous great staff , wonderful location , appreciate the hospitality room 24/7.
can only say wonderful things about it .
would definitely return .
fabulous little boutique hotel !
this was our second stay in manhattan , and by far one of the best lodgings i 've ever had the good fortune to stay at in my extensive travels . large , commercial , luxury hotel chains are definitely not our thing , and this quaint little boutique hotel fit the bill perfectly for our tastes .
average sized , but very well appointed rooms were perfect for retiring to after a long day of shopping  sightseeing , and the evening wine/cheese social a great bonus .
the bathroom was larger than expected and immaculate . all of the hotel staff was fabulous !
very attentive and super - courteous , they were always willing to go out of their way to make our stay pleasant . the location was perfect in our opinion . . . . . less than a block from times square and the theatre district and mere footsteps from the nearest subway . . . .no need for expensive cabs or rental cars .
next time we will take the subway directly from lga . . . .much cheaper  quicker than the slow shuttle we booked from the airport . we will definitely be returning to the casablanca for all of our future trips to manhattan , which will be many after this wonderful experience .
just as good as everyone says we stayed at the casablanca from 20th to 24th april .
we found the room to be comfortable ( we booked a deluxe room ) .
the breakfast was good and there was more than enough choice .
what makes this hotel stand out from others is its personality and staff .
as other posters have mentioned there is no view but with all that 's going on at the casablanca and rick 's lounge then you do not really need one .
if you 're the type of person who likes to stay in and take photos of your luxurious room with its great view then the casablanca is not for you but if you 're the type of canny traveller who likes a home from home at the end of a busy day sightseeing or shopping then this could be your place .
an earlier poster mentioned an odour near the elevator on the 3rd floor .
i found this to be nothing more than good old fashioned wood polish .
the casablanca is spotlessly clean .
the bed was comfortable .
free internet access in the lounge area was a bonus .
the staff were all helpful and attentive .
i almost forgot to mention the lovely little outdoor courtyard area just of rick 's lounge which was open on a couple of the warmer evenings during our stay .
what more can i say except book it , book it !
casablanca - 'we 'll certainly stay again - sam ! !
we have just returned from our long weekend in manhattan , we had a very enjoyable stay at the casablanca , great location - few steps from times square !
cheerful , polite  and very friendly staff ! availability of 'free ' drinks and snacks 24/7 in ricks cafe is a great feature together with the wine  cheese sessions served by lovely staff who always had a friendly and warm smile ! the 'front desk ' were really helpful in advising and arranging trips , always courteous  cheerful ! the hotel is small compared to other manhattan hotels , but this is what makes it so special , you receive a more personal service from friendly dedicated staff . tony 's restaurant next door is is well worth a visit ! - lively atmosphere , great food ( big portions . . ) at reasonable prices , very friendly staff . our only negatives from our trip to new york was . .the 'osteria al doge ' restaurant round the corner in 44th street . . poor service !
un - friendly staff , average food and pricey ! ! compared to 'tonys ' and other restaurants visited .
would not recommend the 'supershuttle ' bus transfer service also , over 2 hours from hotel to airport ! thanks again to the casablanca . . .
loved the casablanca and the staff just stayed 7 days at this hidden jewel of a hotel .
i knew from the time that i made our reservations over the phone with jason that this was going to be one awsome hotel .
from the time that you enter the beautiful lobby till the day that you depart you are treated beyond excellence .
the staff becomes your friends from the moment that they say welcome .
jason , peter , luke , lenny , yuri , laura , daniella and the ones that i ca not remember their names go up and above what they are suppose .
you are not just another guest . location , location , location they have it .
right in the heart of times square .
the rooms must be soundproof as once you are in your room you hear no noise from times square .
rooms are decorated to perfection and by new york standards they are a nice size .
good water pressure in the shower .
rooms are beyond clean .
they sparkle daily ! the breakfast every morning is awsome .
delicious pastries , fresh fruit bowls , bagels , juices .
laura and daniella are such great women .
you need for nothing when you are eating .
the wine and cheese in the evenings make for some nice quite time .
there is nothing one could say negative about this five star hotel .
i see why it is rated #2 in the city . we will be back in december 2007 and you can bet the one and only place we will ever stay in new york city again is casablanca . joe and carolyn t . 
i absolutely loved the casablanca hotel ! ! ! my 16 year old son and i just spent the last 3 nights in nyc staying at the casablanca hotel .
it felt like home from the moment we checked in .
the entire staff at this hotel was so nice and accommodating .
our room was very nice and so quiet .
i loved rick 's cafe on the 2nd floor .
great continental breakfast and wine and cheese at 5:00 p . m . every day .
i will definitely stay at this hotel again .
truly marvelous experience at the casablanca !
having just returned from a whirlwind , two - day trip to nyc , i wanted to give a completely heartfelt recommendation for the casablanca , so that other travelers like us might have the benefit of staying at this lovely , accommodating oasis in times square . my nine - year old daughter and i planned a short trip to new york as she was so very keen on finally getting to see the city that never sleeps .
after much stress and sticker shock over the cost of hotel rooms in nyc , we settled on the warwick .
however , one look at the unique style of the casablanca and the glowing reviews offered on trip advisor , and we were sold .
although the price was very steep ( for us ) at $329, the casablanca was entirely worth the additional $50 or so over the cost of other , more stately hotels in the city ( we had booked the warwick for $279) . first and foremost , everything positive other travelers have said about the casablanca is true .
no - really !
the continental breakfast was far more than that . . . the day that we enjoyed it , the hotel offered delightful mini - pastries and croissants , fresh bagels , oatmeal , freshly hard - boiled eggs , yogurt , fruit and granola , and juice .
not to mention that the espresso machine made espresso quickly and easily - to die for !
i stopped buying outside coffee and just stepped into the lounge for my fix ! secondly , the staff must be commended .
we arrived too early to check in ( around 11:30 am ) , but our bags were held and we were allowed to enjoy the benefits of the 24/7 second - floor lounge immediately ( cookies , espresso , cocoa ) .
the staff at the desk , bag check and lounge were exceptionally accommodating .
and when we returned less than two hours later , our room was ready , despite it being well before check - in time . notes on our room - big for nyc .
simple , but nicely appointed - just like the website shows .
the bathroom was lovely .
we had a queen room , and it was plenty large for two people .
and all reports of this hotel being right in the thick of times square ( only about 1/2 block away ) and yet quiet as a church at night - absolutely true !
i could not believe it , but it was darn quiet at night .
and the corridors and common areas really carry a lovely moroccan flare , as intended . the next day , the hotel held our bags for the entire day , gratis , and again , allowed us full use of the wonderful lounge ( wine , cheese , espresso , fruit ) all day .
this was a godsend after a day spent rushing around nyc .
we were able to grab our bags at the end of the day , recharge in the lounge and head to grand central station refreshed . casablanca is not a posh modern hotel ( like the w ) or an old stately standard ( like the warwick ) .
however , it is elegant and the very best a boutique property has to offer .
it 's location is wonderful , the staff are exceptional , and the perks they offer really make the difference .
my daughter had the trip of a lifetime , largely because this hotel really went the extra mile for us .
i would recommend this hotel for everyone from business travelers ( free wi - fi in the lounge and rooms ) to families traveling with kids ( free library of dvds in the lounge from which you can snag a movie to take to your room ) to couples seeking a quiet get - away that is close to everything .
totally enjoyed . . .
we visited nyc for two days for museums and a show .
this hotel is well - rated on trip - adviser and deservedly so .
tucked just off times square , hotel is quiet , attractively decorated throughout in moroccan style including the room .
small hotel (48 rooms ) .
very personalized feeling .
small entrance and desk staffed in part by aspiring actors .
very friendly and helpful .
second floor is a nice lounge , really two large and well - decorated areas .
top flight light breakfast here for the guests .
room was great , some rooms are probably small .
clean , bathrooms first class .
great location for a tourist .
we 'd come back in a minute .
wonderful experience ! very people friendly !
my husband and i just returned from nyc this morning .
we spent three nights at this wonderful intimate hotel .
i ended up booking it myself through the internet as it was sold out on the other sites i had tried and definately wanted to stay here after reading such great reviews !
my husband was so impressed with this hotel he told the young man at checkout it was the best hotel he had ever stayed in ! !
it was up there in high ratings as a result of the staff .
the front desk staff was so personable .
we arrived from seattle on a red - eye flight and were at the hotel at 10am the next morning planning on leaving our bags and walking around until room was ready .
we had a pleasant surprise as we got to go to our room and have breakfast too ! !
our room was really furnished very nicely , lots of warm tones .
the bed was a king size , the shower was terrific .
a very comfortable feel to this room .
the lounge area for breakfast and in the evening for wine is a great feature .
here we read the paper every morning before beginning our day .
just the right amount of choices and just an added treat .
you do not get things like breakfast and wine in nyc hotels .
overall our trip was terrific .
the location is superb .
this hotel would make everyones trip complete . lorraine
a great find in manhattan my husband and i stayed here for 4 nights .
we booked a standard room and were upgraded to a deluxe in the back of the hotel upon check - in .
the room was quiet , clean and nicely decorated .
the bathroom window actually opened , which was great since my husband loves hot showers .
the staff was friendly and helpful .
what a pleasure to be able to get up late and not miss the fresh breakfast , or come back after a busy day to relax and enjoy wine and a variety of cheeses every evening .
the reviewer who complained there was nothing for the kids to drink must have missed the hot chocolate available all day , along with the coffee and tea .
we will definitely stay here again .
the casablanca is perfect ! ! ! have just returned from 6 nights at this wonderful boutique - like hotel .
every member of staff was so friendly and helpful and the hotel is in a perfect location but without the noise and craziness of times square .
ricks cafe is great and the breakfast really did set us up for the day .
there were 6 people in my party and we all would not hesitate in staying here again , well done casablanca , you were truly hospitable and cannot wait to stay again soon .
havens above !
it really is a tranquil haven only yards from the manic times square .
we have stayed in some impressive four star hotels in other us cities but are really glad we acted on the reviews to book into the casablanca for our first trip to new york .
the well decorated rooms are not huge and the views nothing special but , that said , for staff , location , cleanliness , rick 's lounge and overall ambience this hotel is tops .
what a find ! ! had read good reviews of this hotel previously , so was fairly confident we 'd made the right choice before we went .
when we arrived however , all our expectations were exceeded , the staff were so helpful , friendly and efficient , the attention to detail was superb .
it was my daughter 's 21st birthday and they upgraded us from a standard room to a suite and provided complimentary champagne  chocolates .
they greeted us by name every day , okay it is a small hotel but even so , it 's that little attention to detail that makes all the difference .
the standard of the rooms  service was that of a hotel costing twice as much .
highly highly recommended and i ca not wait to visit again !
loved the casablana great hotel .
great staff !
they were kind , friendly and helpful . my only concern was that the hotel rooms did not have peep holes .
if i was staying alone i would have been concerned . in each room there was free wireless internet and a high speed cable available ( if your laptop did not was not wi - fi ready ) .
there was also a computer and printer in the breakfast/wine cheese room on the 2nd floor available for use .
no extra charge for any of this . beds were super comfy . bathrooms small , not much storage space , but shower water pressure was terrific and shower nozzle was up high so even a tall person does not need to bend over to wash their hair . wine , cheese , champagne , crackers , popcorn , fruit available in the afternoon from 5 - 8! this was awesome and gave us a boost until our evening meal after the theater . we were given bottled water in our room each day , this was included in price ! ! !
so often , you pay extra for this .
rooms have a good sized safe , mini bar and dvd player . our stay was fabulous and i would not hesitate to stay there again .
great hotel with fantastic staff this hotel is a gem in the heart of manhatten .
the rooms are a good size with a nice large bathroom .
room has a dvd player and dvds are available from reception including casablanca ! breakfast and the all day refreshments are great and served in a lovely atmosphere .
the hotel 's location and atmosphere are second to none but the best thing about this place are the staff , they genuinley want to help you in anyway they can .
overall 10/10!
times square best kept secret ?
we booked this hotel based on the reviews posted here on trip advisor , and it definitely lived up to our expectations .
bearing in mind its ' location , the hotel was very quiet .
you are just yards from frantic times square and just a few minutes walk from bus stops and times square subway station .
the complimentary breakfast and the evening cheese/wine from 5pm to 8pm were very enjoyable touches . the room was not huge , but was very comfortable and spotlessly clean .
there was a walk in wardrobe which also contained a safe ( no payment required ) .
there was also a large tv , and cd/ dvd players .
the bathroom had a great shower with complimentary toiletries and a really powerful hairdrier . what made our stay great , however , were the friendly and attentative staff , especially mike at reception who recommended a lovely restaurant and also the charming lady ( originally from bulgaria i believe ) who served the wine in the evening ! we would recommend this hotel to anyone , and hope that we will be returning in the not too distant future .
the casablanca is a must stay !
the casablanca is a wonderful hotel located in the heart of manhattan . this was our second stay here and it is worth every penny . it is unlike any other manhattan hotel , very unique . the staff are very friendly and attentive to your every needs . they even hailed us a cab in a snow storm !
that 's how good they treat there customers . the rooms are comfortable and clean , with a stocked mini - bar , complementary bottles of water and a nice size marble bathroom w/tub and shower . on the second floor you will find rick 's cafe , what a great place to just relax , read a newspaper ( they have them all ) ,watch tv , use the internet for free ! ,or just enjoy a hot or cold beverage with a various assortment of cookie 's 24/7. in the morning till 10:30am they have a very nice continental breakfast consisting of juices , assorted fruits , muffins , bagels , croissants , and cereals . in the evening from 5:00-7:00pm they have a very nice wine and cheese reception with various types of cheeses , crackers and of course wines . you can also enjoy at this time a pianist who will play any request . overall you will not be disapointed .
of all the joints . . . . . . . travelling alone to nyc for the first time , it was important to find a comfortable , conveniently located hotel where personal service and size meant something more than the big chains offer . trip advisor reviews served me well for a stay at the hotel santa maria in rome last summer so expectations were high for casablanca rated #2 in new york .
it did not disappoint .
staff were terrific , room and public areas nicely furnished , equipped and cleaned to a very high standard . i enjoyed breakfast , and complimentary evening snacks and was made to feel right at home during the 4 nights of my stay .
jason and al ( front desk  concierge ) couldn`t have been more obliging and friendly . midtown location was ideal for majority of sights and i would have no hesitation booking this hotel again when next in nyc .
the perfect manhattan hotel my husband and i travel quite a bit , both for business and personal purposes .
the casablanca is the best overall hotel i have experienced , considering location , service , premises and price .
we stayed at the casablanca in the beginning of march 2007, which was my third time staying at the hotel , and as usual , the casablanca did not disappoint me !
the rooms are very spacious , especially for a city hotel .
the location is impossible to beat - right off of times square , but it would be hard to guess by the extremely reasonable price .
however , the best part of the casablanca is the service .
the hotel staff is so helpful and knowledgeable about the city .
i always feel so welcome when i stay at the casablanca !
i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to manhattan !
casablanca great again !
we (3 couples ) stayed at the casablanca for a theater weekend january 9-10.
once again the hotel worked out well in every respect .
good location , nice size queen rooms with large upscale bathrooms , wine and cheese by the fire place as well as breakfast in the 2nd floor lounge area , great and friendly staff and reasonable prices .
fantastic hotel and service this hotel receives great reviews on the website and as such was an important factor in choosing the hotel .
i work in the 'services ' sector and as such have a high expectation in terms of customer service .
having stayed at the hotel last week on a 5 day break , i can not praise this hotel highly enough . all of the staff i met were professional , polite , courteous , knowledgeable and very efficient .
one ( amongst many ) example was on the monday , where in casual conversation with the reception staff i mentioned that i was looking to go to a jazz club that evening and had mentioned that les paul ( a world renowned , award winning guitarist ) was rumoured to play a weekly set in new york .
later that afternoon whilst out sightseeing i received a call from reception on my mobile .
they had tracked down the club ( iridium - also reccommended ) , confirmed les paul was actually playing that evening , provisionally reserved seats and wanted to know if we wanted to proceed with the reservation .
thats customer service !
my room was vary spacious with a large comfortable bed and a large well stocked bathroom with quality accessories .
the room also has some nice touches ( e . g . up to date copies of time out etc so that you can see exactly what is going on/currently reccommended - which you cant get from a guide book ) .
the lounge area is great for unwinding after a long day sightseeing and the cheese and wine is ideal before heading out for evening excursions .
the location is great and if you sit outside the lounge area on the patio its difficult to imagine you are less than 50 metres from times square .
we returned the day after the heavy snow showers in new york .
you can imagine the traffic .
the bell boy insisted on going outside whilst we waited in reception before returning fifteen minutes having successfully flagged down a cab .
great hotel , great location , great service .
a little gem if you like small and friendly , attentive staff and a great location , do not think about it , just book it !
the 24 hour tea , coffee , cakes and cookies is a nice touch as is the late afternoon wine , cheese and biscuits .
basic rooms are a bit on the small side but guess that 's manhattan !
we loved it . . .
better every time this was our fourth stay at the casablanca , just an overnight to see a show and get away .
of course , we chose the evening with the worst weather of the season , february 13th .
as everyone mentions , the staff is warm and friendly , but not in your face .
the accomodations are topnotch .
the toiletries have a delicious orange fragrance .
many of the people staying there were in for the westminster dog show .
since our two are of questionable parentage and deplorable manners , we were not in a position to participate in these discussions .
but the wine and cheese were wonderful ( and of sufficient quantity for us to leave dinner for after the play ) and we were able to check our email on the computer in rick 's cafe . just a warning if you are driving in .
the casablanca gives you a nice discount at the parking garage next door .
however , if you stay over the 24 hours , you will be getting a very unpleasant surprise .
we went to the museum of natural history the morning of the 14th , leaving our bags with the bell staff .
we had arrived at 1:30 pm the day before , and headed for home at 2. that one half hour delay cost us $21+ we would have gotten back a little earlier , had we known .
staff is what makes this hotel my wife and i go to nyc every june for our wedding anniversary , we picked this hotel based on tripadvisor recommendations and they were absolutely on the mark with this hotel .
easy access to everything downtown .
food , wine , room , staff all 5 star , if this hotel had a pool and gym , it would be a 10 out of 10 instead of a 9.8 out of 10! ! ! !
great staff ; great hotel i only stayed in ny for one night last week - and picked the casablanca on the basis of the tripadviser reviews - and they are not wrong .
the hotel itself is in an incredible location - just off times square .
the rooms are as good as you could get for location and are clean and well stocked .
the breakfast is good for a basic continental and certainly adequate - unless you like to gorge yourself on a cooked breakfast - something only possible in bigger hotels .
the real plus was the staff .
i cannot remember coming across a nicer bunch of people than the front desk and bellhop staff .
i ended up spending a lot longer checking in ( it was late at night ) just chatting to the guys on the front desk - and did the same checking out ( it was quiet ) .
they stored my bag and helped me move into the room without the usual hanging around for a tip and got me a limo to the airport because there were no cabs around .
an excellent experience - i will stay there again .
excellent choice for theatre district although we live in the area , we chose to stay overnight in midtown after a wine tasting around the corner .
pros : location , location , location .
just steps from times square .
surprisingly quiet for a manhattan hotel ( how do they do it ? )
convenient inexpensive parking right next door .
very attentive friendly staff with a total can - do attitude .
beautiful comfortable common areas .
coffee and tea available 24/7.
room decor is themed and a welcome change from the ho - hum routine .
large shower , comfortable for two .
sparkling clean . con : only one con , the bed was lumpy , but i am sure they would have changed the room if we had mentioned it . enjoy your stay at this incredible gem in midtown .
i would stay here again and again .
fined you hotel on the internet searching for the prosecco wines .
hotel is a friendly , homey place in the heart of nyc .
the location is great with good access to broadway and shopping .
the staff were so , so friendly , and the room of decent size and great quality for the price .
very clean - absolutely satisfied .
free quality wines a huge , huge plus .
they asked me to please post my review - a good sign that they are confident of the great quality of the establishment .
i would stay here again and again .
love this hotel !
hello everyone , myself and the girlfriend are just back from an amazing trip to new york from ireland ? ? a trip that would not have been the same without staying in the casablanca .
this was our first trip to ??he states? ? and we were a little shell shocked when we landed smack bang in the middle of times square .
when we booked in they had upgraded our room and they made sure to remind us of the free reception downstairs .
the room was very nice and really quiet ? ? we were very happy !
we headed down to rick?? lounge to be greeted with a complimentary glass of bubbly and a great selection of cheese and snacks .
i would say that over our stay some people hogged both the free wine and cheese and the breakfasts all week ? ? but maybe they were right to take everything ?
this meant that sometimes it was hard to get a table or to get near the bar ? ? but that is more of a reflection on other guests than the hotel itself ! on our second day the staff at reception spent a huge amount of time helping us organise our trip and gave us tonnes of tips and useful information ? ? they were excellent and gave us just the right level of attention ( as helpful and friendly as needed but not ??n your face? ? .
all that remains to be said is that when we go back we would not consider for a second staying anywhere else ? ? keep up the good work you guys !
perfect hotel and location just back from our first ever trip to new york on the 22nd and what a wonderful time we had .
great city and great little hotel .
the location could not possibly have been better , about 50 feet from times square yet we were amazed how quiet it was in the evenings .
the room was bigger than the room we had in paris so no problem at all .
the staff were wonderful .
the complimentary breakfasts , tea and coffeee all day and the afternoon wine and cheese were lovely gestures that make you feel appreciated . i would thoroughly recommend anyone to stay at the casablanca but be warned this is not some cheesy themed hotel it is merely a hotel with nice moroccan style decor . new york itself was a delight and we could not believe how friendly everyone was .
despite some of the things written about americans in the last few years the only loud obnoxious people we came across were in fact european !
will be back in ny and at the casablanca as soon as the bank manager will allow . stea - m northern ireland  england 
nyc delight had 3 lovely rooms , one of which was upgraded upon check in .
rooms are charming , drawer space in closet , safe secured into wall , excellent attractive bathroom .
all is good , but best is the staff .
guys at reception are knowledgeable , efficient , friendly and have excellent sense of humor .
the young doorman is most friendly giving you a welcome each time you return to the hotel .
nice to have the extensive european continental breakfast , and the wine/cheese , coffee , cookie hours in the pm . daisy , in ricks ' cafe very efficient and friendly also .
it was very cold when we visited , and upon our departure the doorman walked our luggage to the corner , obtained a taxi , put the luggage in the cab ( taxi driver just stood there ) .
all was done without asking for any help .
we all have traveled extensively and stayed at many different types of hotels .
i was extremely pleased with the selection of the casablanca .
this will be my hotel when visiting nyc .
the best treatment in the united states i found casablanca from the reviews of previous guest on the trip advisor website .
the concierge team was the best in the u . s . we felt so safe in such a busy place .
we requested a suite which was nice in size and clean .
a warm breakfast awaited us when we woke up and wine and cheese were available as we needed a pick me up in the later part of the day .
the ladies that served us were so kind and accomodating .
i would not have been able to stay for a long vacation because the beds were a bit firm , but do not let this in any way distract you because the hotel makes up for it in every other way .
great dining is right next door ( tony 's is a must ) and broadway shows are a very short walking distance .
this hotel will more than just do the job . . . .
i will always stay in this hotel for my future visits to nyc .
to the owner of this hotel . . . a big thank you to mike , jason , peter , brandon , and vennie .
employing these gentlemen to service your hotel is what made our trip !
all were extremely respectful and more than accomodating .
keeping quality employees like these gentlemen will take casablanca to #1.
there were seven of us on this trip and we will all spread the word of the greatest hotel in new york city .
lovely little hotel in an ideal location this is a wonderful little hotel right at times square - - - the location cannot be beat for gettting around everywhere .
the rooms are very comfortable , beautifully clean and quiet if you are in the back of the hotel .
yes , they are a bit small but that is nyc .
it is definitely adequate for a good stay here .
we stayed for about 5 days .
the continental breakfasts and all day drinks/coffee where nice .
the fruit salad and fresh fruit were excellent .
the breakfast were definitely better than your average continental fare at other hotels .
i think the best part of this hotel is the free wifi , complimentary snacks 24 hours a day , and fantastic location .
we could even bring any visitors to the second level lounge for coffees and snacks .
the staff made us feel very welcome and everything was very much a home away from home attitude .
overall , a very comfortable hotel that offers you peace of mind and old fashioned service in an excellent location .
37 paces to times square , now thats close ! ! !
the hotel would agree that the main selling point of this hotel is its location .
you literally come out of the front door turn right and you are in times square within seconds ( or 37 paces , as measured by me ) .i would agree that there are probably cheaper hotel 's nearby and with slightly bigger rooms but its just a great little hotel .
again it was a case of that ca not do enough for you attitude from the staff .
the real bonus for us was the breakfast in the morning and the cheese and biscuits in the evening .
go on just book it ! !thanks to the staff .
champagne  followed tripadvisor and stayed with casablanca hotel jan 4 - 6, 2007.
my husband and i could not have been more pleased with the excellent service and attention to detail .
we arrived early ( noon ) to the hotel and were able to check into our room immediately .
the rooms were small , yet very clean , quiet , and nicely furnished .
staff was friendly and helpful .
we enjoyed the complimentary breakfast and the wine  cheese reception each day .
also , used the free internet located in rick 's several times ( very convenient ) .
so close to times square , just around the corner from abc studios .
had dinner at tony 's , the restaurant boasts a great atmosphere  very large portions .
we will most definitely stay at the casablanca again .
it 's all true !
do not stay anywhere else !
i picked the casablanca based on tripadvisor reviews , which have never steered me wrong .
my son and i stayed there january 4-7, 2007.
we arrived at 10:15 am and they actually managed to give us a room right away , even though check - in isn?? officially until 3 pm .
i have stayed in four different hotels in the times square area , and this is the only one i would go back to .
hotels are almost never clean enough for me , and this one was great .
the staff members are as friendly and helpful as everyone says , the caf? has drinks and some food ( all free ) available 24 hours a day ( fruit , pastries , cookies , and an espresso machine that dreams are made of ? ? fresh - ground regular or decaf at the touch of a button ) , and the breakfast buffet and evening wine reception are both great .
the caf? is pretty and kept very clean .
our room had two beds , so perhaps it was larger than the average room , but we did not find it at all unusually small .
it?? really amazing that this hotel is a few steps away from times square , because it has the feel of a london bb hotel and is completely quiet .
it really seems that everything has been taken care of with an eye to making guests feel comfortable and welcome , not like a herd of cattle being shuttled through .
love the casablanca love this hotel !
great staff and service ; the complementary wine and cheese service was the best .
the location was perfect , and the hotel was small , intimate and charming .
on top of everything else , it was a great deal for the price .
i would stay here every time i came to nyc !
very happy with my stay here booked this hotel after reading the other reviews on this site .
i have to say i was very pleased .
the hotel is in a great location and the rooms are nice  spacious .
key thing that impressed me was the friendliness of all the staff and the 24hr lounge where you can help yourself to drinks  snacks .
loved the casablanca hotel !
my niece and i stayed here this past weekend and it truly is a wonderful place .
the entire staff is very friendly and helpful !
peter arranged a car service for us to and from the airport and dan followed through with my request to have champagne upon our arrival .
after a full day of shopping , we wanted to get a nice foot massage and they suggested a place they personally go to for this and scheduled our appointments to have this done .
wow , the massage was soo great !
the rooms were spotless and the beds ever so comfortable .
rick 's cafe was also very nice with the free wine and cheese , breakfast , and goodies available throughout the day .
all this , and a fabulous location in the heart of times square ( i could not believe how quiet the room was ) make it a must for anyone to consider with an nyc visit .
i know i will return .
my thanks to all at the casablanca !
a must for any trip to new york trip advisor member from merseyside , englandmy husband and i and our two freinds stayed for 3 days at this boutique hotel which has it all , the rooms a little small but spotlessly clean and comfortable , and the enormous shower is great , the location is perfect .
the hotel staff are superb , i broke a tooth on my visit , i asked if they new of a dentist , not only did they advise me of one , but spoke to the dentist personally , ( even though he was off duty ) , and made me an appointment the next day before his surgery started , this was a godsend to me at that time , so a big thanks for that . there is daily cheese and wine in the evening , a lovely touch , and also free internet use , which was just great .
the adjoining restaurant , tony 's , was also very good , the meals are of a massive portion , and enjoyed every mouthful .
so all in all an extremely fabulous time in new york , made by the fabulous time we spent at the casablanca hotel , ca not wait 'till we visit again , 'cos we would certainly stay there again .
fabulous hotel the casablanca hotel lived up to all the reviews - small but perfectly formed .
the location is just perfect , a short walk from the empire state building , the chrysler building , rockafeller centre , grand central station and despite being just off times square it is incredibly quiet .
the staff were a delight , friendly and helpful .
the rooms are small but have everything you need , the beds are so comfortable and the shower a great size .
the daily cheese and wine is a lovely way to start your evening .
we particularly liked the personal feel to this hotel , we popped into one of those thousand room hotels of a large respected chain - it was soulless compared to our little gem .
for the price we paid we felt that it was great value for money and really enjoyed our stay there .
casablanca , " stay there again , sam " we stayed at the hotel from october 7th to 11th and had an excellent stay .
we booked directly on the hotel web site and had no problems with reservations or communications prior to our stay . this was our first trip to nyc so did not know what to expect , but were more than delighted with the hotel ( love the casablanaca theme decor ) , staff ( very friendly and helpful ) , room ( bigger than exepected with a fantastic bathroom and shower ) and location (100yards off time sqaure ) .
cleanliness in the public areas and the room were excellent . the hotel is an oasis of calm right next to times square . the room rate although expensive , in our opinoion it is well worth it and we would definately stay there again .
as other people have mentioned , although in a very busy area , we had no problems with noise . breakfast and afternoon snacks were great . thoroughly recommend .
great place to stay we have traveled extensively  can highly recommend the casablanca . although some may feel the room cost is high , an excellent continental breakfast is included plus afternoon wine  cheese .
most nyc hotels do not include breakfast , let alone wine/ cheese .
staff was attentive  friendly , a great location , quiet atmosphere , superior rooms make the casablanca a real value .
a gem of a hotel ; what else can we say ?
we stayed at the casablanca at the end of september ; admittedly only for one night between cruise and plane , but found it absolutely lovely .
the staff could not do enough , as they said , to make this your home in new york .
from front desk right through to the maids , we were treated with great humour and respect and the service was top notch . ok , we were upgraded to the executive suite so saw it at its best , but nevertheless would stay here again without hesitation .
location ; superb ; fifty yards from times square .
the breakfast , on - going cookies and coffee and the wine and cheese at 5 p . m . in rick 's cafe were great and also the free internet availablilty to those of who do not have laptops . reviewers have not mentioned tonys di napoli , right next door ( and through a secret door from the reception area ) .
a real old - established italian restaurant with great food , huge portions and real atmosphere . all in all a great end to our usa and canada vacation and would recommend to anyone . a trip advisor member from auckland nz .
the only place to stay in the big apple this hotel has elegant , understated , old - fashioned decor and an atmosphere to match .
staff are knowledgable , friendly and simply ca not do enough to make your stay the best experience possible .
rooms are spacious , clean and comfortable .
complimentary toiletries are top quality too .
in terms of location , let 's just say that the closest billboard , in times square a few feet from the front door , welcomes you to the centre of the universe .
although so close to times square , there is none of the noise associated audible within the hotel .
the entrance door is so discrete we walked past it on several locations .
considering all this you would expect to pay over the odds , but that is not the case with room rates being reasonable for a good hotel in the centre of manhattan .
the only drawback was the view , or lack of it , however the trade off was the peace and quiet , so well worth it . ps
i understand the staff read all reviews - thanks guys , i told you i would spread the word !
as a seasoned traveler this hotel ranks tops my daughter and i visited ny city for the first time to celebrate our birthdays .
even though i have travelled all over the world this was my first triip to ny .
the casablanca was absolutely wonderful .
we had a suite with separate living room and bedroom with 2 full beds .
the rooms and bath were much larger than expected for ny .
very well decorated , nice linens , ect .
the greatest was the absolute quiet after returing from all the outside street noise . the staff were very attentative and answered any questions we might have .
it was very much like staying at a hotel on the club level - the breakfast and 24 hr .
coffee and cookies were great .
i would highly recommend this hotel to any adult travelers - you could not possibly beat the value for both location and ammenities .
fantastic - perfect contrast to times square my husband had a business trip to nyc sept . 18-22, and i got to go with him .
the casablanca lived up to all the tripadvisor reviews .
we loved it .
the minute you walk in the door , you are transported to another world - a world very far away from the craziness around the corner .
the second floor lounge area was great - good continential breakfast in the am , coffee , cappacino , latte , tea and ice tea all day , and popcorn at night .
our room was light and comfortable .
not huge , but good sized for ny .
the bathroom was clean and the closet was large and well lit .
the subway is nearby as is bryant park , rockefeller center and the garment district .
we would go back again in a heartbeat .
a perfect ny moment we stayed at the casablanca for 5 nights , sept . 8th . to sept . 13th . location , location , location within walking distance of many ny experiences ,  steps from times square .
i could run out of superlatives describing the staff , the housekeeping , the cleanliness  comfort , the complimentary breakfast  wine  cheese .
we 've stayed in many high end hotels that ca not compare with the casablanca , where we were upgraded to a king bed at no extra charge .
our whole ny visit was great ,  the casablanca was icing on the cake . just like winners you should go there . jack  christina , calgary , alberta , canada 
great find - family hotel in the heart of new york city found this hotel quite by accident and what a find . . . location is just off times square - right in the middle of the action . hotel is themed on north african theme and it completely works , the friendly attentitive staff actually seem to care about your well being and you do not feel as though you are a corporate number .
in particular the free cheese and wine every evening helps to make you night out complete , they do this because they do not ( did not ) have a liquor licence . breakfast is continental style - but again included in the price . the rooms are big ( for new york ) and a welcome change from the chain hotels - with fans as well as the usual ac .
the only downside was leaving - great place .
do not hesitate - it 's great !
first time in ny with girlfriend .
lovely hotel , cracking times square location , real character and great service .
the photos do not lie on the website .
even free wine and cheese in the evening - and wine is a rip off in ny ! would definitely go there again .
fantastic location when they say this hotel is just off times square they really mean it - we could see the lights of it reflecting off our bedroom wall at night ! !
it is about 100 yards from the square itself and you really get a geat feeling walking into the hotel from the bustle outside .
the 1st floor has a great chillout area where you can surf the net , drink coffee and eat biscuits while reading a paper - fantastic !
we had a room as mentioned on the streetside closest to times square and there was some noise at night but it is nyc so it can be forgiven and it was not enough to put you off your sleep .
the staff while we were there were all wonderful - very helpful and courteous .
wonderful place to celebrate our 20th anniversary this place was the best .
it was really quiet .
the staff was just perfect .
we loved the ability to walk in and get snacks all day if we wanted , and to have a wine  cheese social every evening . i wanted to make our 20th anniversary very special , and the casablanca made it happen .
we will be back again . john  kori 
great times square location we only had one night at the casablanca hotel in nyc .
the staff was very helpful with giving us a map and pointing us in the right direction for 'restaurant row '.
we ended up at a fun mexican restaurant called arriba arriba 762 ninth ave at 51st st .
the room we had was great - the bathroom was huge !
it would have been nice to have a refrigerator in the room .
we enjoyed the wine/cheese reception - check out there is a nice outdoor patio area off the second floor lounge area so we sipped our sparkling wine outside .
even though this hotel is so close to times square it was for the most part a quiet serene property .
quite a contrast from what 's going on a half a block away !
we did utilize the computer and printer in the lounge area to print out boarding passes for our flight out the next day .
breakfast in the lounge was pleasant and time - saving for an early morning departure .
we would definitely recommend this hotel - it 's an oasis !
great place to stay we just got back from 3 nights in nyc .
i would highly recommend the casablanca .
it 's in a great location in times square .
we walked everywhere .
the staff is very friendly and helpful .
they have a complimentary breakfast every morning , and complimentary wine and cheese each evening m - sat .
we enjoyed the wine and cheese before going to the theatre , and then ate a light supper after the show .
our room was quiet and very comfortable .
we ca not wait to go back to nyc , and we will definitely be staying at the casablanca !
wonderful ! ! ! just got back from 1 night at the casablanca .
the location is excellent just 3 doors off times square near a parking garage ( discounted rates ) .
the hotel is tastefully decorated and has a beautiful lounge on the second floor where a complimentary buffet breakfast is served in the morning and a complimentary wine and cheese party is held each evening .
the rooms were clean , clean , clean and very well appointed .
it was an oasis in epicenter of everything new york has to offer - had a great snack at the restaurant tony 's next door .
had a great meal at patsy 's and then saw the comedy show at carolines .
i will return to the casablanca 
great stay at the casablanca if the small room size does not matter to you , the casablanca ca not be beat .
great location , great service and an incredibly friendly , helpful staff .
i highly recommend the casablanca for your visit to ny 
a beautiful friendship !
my husband and i loved the casablanca hotel .
it was located about a half a block from the middle of times square .
even though it was in the middle of everything , we rarely heard street noise from our room .
the subway was only a block away , and it seemed like most lines went through times square , so it was convenient to hop on the subway and go up to the met or down to chinatown .
the hotel was in very good shape .
attractively decorated and clean .
our room was smallish , but we 're talking about nyc , so it was just fine in comparison to the local standard .
even though is was not huge , it felt luxurious - -good sized bathroom , with nice complimentary toiletries and thick bathrobes .
it was also nice to have a bellman to carry bags and hail cabs , and the entire hotel staff was always very polite and helpful .
rick 's cafe was great .
we ate breakfast there everyday - -chocolate croissants , fruit salad , freshly ground and brewed cappucinos , and lots of other goodies .
we would often drop by the lounge in the afternoon for another cappucino , or we would take a break in the evening to have some wine and cheese .
overall , we would recommend the casablanca hotel to anyway staying in midtown manhattan .
even better then we expected i will try to keep it brief but we had such a wonderful stay at the casablanca it will be difficult to to keep it short !
we booked our 7/11 - 14 stay in september .
being the paranoid type i called and emailed about once a month to verify our reservations - always getting an accurate confirmation .
upon our arrival we were greeted by the doorman and the front desk staff , though we got there around 11:00 our room was ready for us .
clean , nicely decorated , our king suite was larger then we expected .
17 yo son slept on the sleeper couch - comfortable .
air conditioning in both living room area and bedroom .
trying to sum it up . . . .continental breakfast , all day snacks , evening wine , cheese and crackers are great .
coffee machine is wonderful .
staff was so helpful - always available to help with any questions ( our first visit to nyc ) .
we had time to kill after check out , they told us to come back and enjoy the lounge area until it was time for our car to pick us up .
never have we met a friendlier staff - wish i would have written their names down so i could give them public accolades .
when we visit again we 'll stay at the casablanca .
oasis in times square it is hard to imagine a quiet hotel 50 feet from times square but the casablanca fits the bill .
the staff was helpful and friendly , the rooms were reasonable in size for a nyc hotel but our bathroom was huge and newly , tastedully tiled .
the real surprise was the second floor lobby that was comfortable and quiet .
round the clock espresso or capucccino was availble as was complementary breakfast .
parking was a breeze and at a reduced rate in the garage next door .
definitely would stay again .
believe the reviews - it is excellent i do not often give out 5 star - excellent ratings on tripadvisor because there is usually something that could be improved .
however , with respect to the casablanca you get exactly what has been described here on the site - a top 10 hotel in the heart of mid - town at a reasonable ( by nyc standards ) price . i have travelled to new york on business and have been put up in 'chain ' hotels like the hilton and hyatt in the past .
the casablanca is by far a better choice , especially if you want a boutique hotel experience .
it is not however a 5 star hotel with a gym , pool , etc , but i would say the actual accomodations are a solid 4 star . my wife and i stayed at the casablanca in early july and had a great time - we arrived at the hotel early ( early flight in ) and were told we could head up to the 2nd floor lounge area to grab some breakfast before we headed out for the day even though we had not checked in - little things like that make the hotel great .
the breakfast is simple but good - fruit , some pasteries , cereal and bagels with juice and coffee .
that saves you 7 or 8 bucks right there before you even hit the streets . the casablanca is on west 43rd street just half a block from times square so you will get street noise and/or crowd noise in the evenings .
the sound - proofing in between hotel rooms is good and we only noticed crowd noise on a couple of occasions .
it was great to be in the heart of times square and then walk 2 minutes and be relaxing with an ice tea or a wine in the lounge .
west 43rd is kind of a secondary street so there is not too much going on , which means no taxis standing out in front - but if you walk the half block to times square you have a subway stop and all the taxis you could want . the staff was friendly and welcome you back each time you go out - the lounge has a computer set up with an internet connection and printer so you can check - in online for your flight out to save some time .
the rooms are smallish to average size for new york ( i had a room at the grand hyatt which was smaller but cost almost twice as much ) and have nice linens and toiletries . i would absolutely recommend a stay at the casablanca .
the location is outstanding and the lounge feature makes it a great place to meet and relax before/after your day out touring .
comfortable refuge the casablanca has an excellent , helpful and friendly staff .
the large 2nd floor lobby is always inviting and a space away from the fast pace of new york .
breakfast is plentiful , and there is a fabulous automatic espresso machine .
a pc in the lobby has dsl , and is for guests use .
the location is great .
i highly recommend this hotel for superior hospitality .
great location totally agree with the last review .
my husband and i stayed here for 4 nights at the end of may .
the location of the hotel near times square was great , most evenings we would just wonder around the corner and stand there and watch the world go by , the place is mad .
the hotel was very comfortable and clean , good selection of food on offer for breakfast and we enjoyed the complementary wine and nibbles on offer every evening before we went out to dinner .
staff were very friendly and helpful . definitely worth the extra money , we would stay here again .
great experience - will be back !
my daughter and i stayed here for a long weekend - ca not say enoughgood about the facility and the staff .
large enough room had 2 comfortabledouble beds , adequate bathroom , complimentary bottles of water , relaxingdecor .
the breakfast/lounge room was large and comfortable , plenty ofnewspapers and a computer that was almost always available .
greaticed tea at all hours - very refreshing after coming in from the 90+degree heat ! ! evening wine and cheese was perfect to tide us overbefore a show and late dinner .
but best of all were the polite andhelpful desk clerks - they made tour bus arrangements , restaurantrecommendations , gave maps and detailed directions all in a greatgood humor and with the most helpful attitude .
would recommendthe casablanca in a heartbeat to anyone heading to nyc .
real value for money new york has some really plush hotels - with tariffs to match .
i doubt , however , if any could beat this friendly , home from home hotel - just a few yards from the heart of times square .
we payed 259 dollars a night , more than we have payed to stay in any usa hotel ( and we have stayed in many over the past 20 years or so ) , but i still feel it was value for money .
the staff were excellent , polite and helpful while the decor and ambience throughout the hotel was superb .
the free fruit , cheese and wine every afternoon was a nice bonus .
if you are looking for a really comfortable hotel in the heart of new york then i would thoroughly recommend this hotel .
great stay we have stayed in large ny hotels and other boutique hotels in the times square area .
this one was extra special .
they make all their guests feel welcome and are very friendly .
the breakfast , drinks and snacks throughout the day , and wine and cheese in the evening were nice to have .
we found that we only needed to eat a large meal out once a day .
they provided complimentary passes to the new york sports club for those who like to maintain their fitness while away .
the sports club had just about everything including classes in pilates , yoga , boxing , etc .
the rooms are small but so are many new york hotels .
the lounge in the hotel provides a nice place to gather to read newspapers and check e - mails on their guest computer .
i will definitely be coming back when i visit new york .
what are you waiting for go book it now what a find and what a location , right smack bang on times square .
it was my first time in ny and i was not dissappointed with this hotel .
bautifully appointed , staff were great .
the breakfast and cheese and wine will save you a fortune and were excellent . . . no cheap stuff very good quality .
the ricks cafe is realy a nice meeting place and very comfy .
our room had a down side as we had booked through expedia not realising it was a special deal which would be great for a couple but i was with my friend and did not want to share a double bed so one of us had to go on the z bed so check what your booking if booking online .
room was great cant pick fault at all , talked to others and they raved about thier rooms .
the other good thing is it has a very good cheap italian restraunt right next door , infact there is a door straight from the lobby , be warned the portions are big and if they know its your birthday youl get seranaded .
tkts is just around the corner as is the subway/buses/taxis .
another tip book early the prices shoot up at certain times eg when its the marathon .
warm , friendly hotel we just stayed at the hotel casablanca and fell in love with it !
the location is the best , you just get out and turn right and boom !
there is times square .
the service was incredible .
we got a problem with the airconditioning and it was immediately fixed .
rick 's cafe looks and feels like an elegant living room , where you can watch tv , read , play the piano , eat or browse the internet ( complimentary ) . rooms are small but beautifully decorated , although we wished for more drawer space and a little more space in the bathroom .
in view of excellent location , superb service and warm , feel at home ambiance , i would stay here again and recommend this charming hotel with high marks .
a great find !
my wife and i have just spent 2 nights at the casablanca hotel (25 - 27 april ) .from the moment we arrived , the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful . it 's a small hotel (43 rooms ) and the bedrooms and lounge area are nicely decorated . complimentary coffee and snacks are available all day .
right next to times square , it 's a great location .
do not miss it !
a hidden gem this was our first stay at the casablanca hotel and we agree : whenever we return to nyc , we will stay here .
the location is great ; just a few steps from times square .
the staff could not be more accommodating .
consistently great service .
the hotel is kept immaculately clean .
the second floor lounge is perhaps the star feature : a nice assortment of beverages and snacks kept out all day and all night , continental breakfast in the morning as part of the room price and afternoon wine  cheese receptions .
additionally , the lounge has a large - screen t . v . , plenty of seating divided between two rooms , magazines , books and a computer with free internet access together with free use of a printer to print out restaurant information for example .
the hotel also offers a list of over 30 movies which can be rented for free to watch in one 's room .
another bonus is that the king - bed rooms come with shower and tub .
overall , a wonderful experience and a great stay .
definitely returning just returned from the casablanca today and we agree with all the positive reviews .
the location was perfect , rooms were clean and comfortable , staff was professional and friendly .
the lounge with complimentary breakfast , internet use and happy hour is a great plus ; makes it a good meeting place if you 're traveling with a group .
would definitely stay there again .
perfect for family reunion and 30th absolutely loved this hotel .
the staff were friendly , the rooms were superb , location was fantastic and the free wine is a nice touch .
went there with my husband and my parents to meet up with my sister and her husband who had been travelling for 6 months .
plus it was my sister 's 30th .
it cater to all of our differing needs and tastes and we were sorry to leave ! highly recommended !
fantastic great hotel in the middle of nyc .
small rooms , as are expected in the city , but we were there to see the city , not spend time in our room !
the shower was incredible , great water pressure , nice toiletries .
staff was incredibly friendly and helpful , would do anything for you .
the breakfast was good , an easy way to start the morning .
i loved having an open 2nd floor area , i wake up earlier than my husband and it was a nice place to have a cup of tea and wait for him to wake up .
the wine and cheese reception was awesome , a good appetizer before dinner , or a quick snack before a show .
hightly recommend this hotel , we would definitely stay here again .
" a unique romantic place in the heart of the nyc ! "
what a great stay we had !
this hotel is a jewel hidden just a few steps from times square .
the rooms are fabulous and the staff is extremely efficient and nice !
we will definitely be back soon !
the casablanca way we stayed 2nd march thru to 6th march and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay here .
our two previous stays were at the westin and sofitel and so the competition was fierce .
the casablanca excels in its belief that it provides the traveller with what they want .
a superb but light breakfast , coffee and cookies all day and the wine and cheese in the evening is an absolute joy especially with the piano player , or watching the tv or emailling your buddies back home , all included in the price .
please note previous reviewers who think the price is high ! !this is a delightful hotel and one would have to be pedantic to find faults and dont get me wrong they do have little blips like the mysterious plumbing noises through the night but eh this is new york after all and being only one min from time square i can settle for that . the bed was comfortable .
the bathroom spacious and i would recommend this hotel to any traveller , business people may prefer elsewhere . i hope they maintain what they provide and we would not hesitate to return to the casablanca .
great hotel april 5 2006we have just returned from a weekend stay in the casablanca hotel new york .
as a first time visitor to this great city we were greatly impressed with the reception we received on our arrival at the casablanca . staff were helpful throughout our stay and the hotel was spotlessly clean .
the breakfast is lovely and fresh and the cheese and wine in the evening is a very nice touch . almost on times sq . we have no hesitation in recommending this hotel .
fabulous hotel in a fabulous city !
my daughter , sister - in - law and i just returned from five nights at the casablanca .
it was our first trip to nyc and we fell in love with the city and with this hotel .
what a beautiful , quiet place set just steps away from the bustle and activity of times square .
the staff was fantastic !
they were very friendly and always willing to answer any questions that we had .
we had a suite with 2 double beds and a sitting room and there was plenty of room .
rick 's cafe was great , with round the clock food and internet access .
it was also great not to have to go out for breakfast everyday .
we hated to come home .
we will definitely stay there again when we return to new york !
a gem excellent location , great staff , abundant drinks  snacks , and with handy internet access .
what more could you want ?
. . . . .perhaps a bigger room .
ya gotta love the internet stayed here for a couple of days earlier in the month based solely on the reviews on this site , and they 're all spot on .
i almost hesitate to add to the chorus of positive reviews for fear it will make getting a room more difficult in the future .
this is a great place , only half a block off times square , yet dead silent inside except for the occasional siren .
the entire building is immaculately spotless , hallways are even lightly and pleasantly scented .
lots of freebies that other places regard as revenue centers - bottled water in the room , coffee in all its varieties all day , snacks , broadband in room and public terminal in the second floor lounge .
the whole second floor is a great place to relax and chat , with multiple copies of ny times to peruse over coffee .
my own java tastes run a bit stronger than what was offered , but no problem , since there 's even a starbuck 's right around the corner !
i can also highly recommend two great restaurants , again selected solely based on 'net reviews .
try bellavitae for superb italian , as good as the last few times i 've been to babbo but without the hoopla , along with hearth for great contemporary american .
once again , casablanca the best in nyc ! !
this was our second stay at the casablanca and it was once again wonderful !
this time , we brought our sons , ages 11 and 7, and in - laws .
we reserved a suite and a regular room and both were spotless .
the suite was very spacious .
our rooms were ready early and we were able to check in .
i ca not imagine a friendlier or more helpful staff .
the 2nd floor lobby always had cookies , tea , water and a wonderful coffee/latte machine .
a complimentary breakfast was served every morning and wine/cheese in the afternoons ( except sundays . )
although it is a small boutique hotel , it was very kid - friendly .
we look forward to our next stay next time we 're in nyc .
a wonderful oasis in times square my wife and i had our first stay at the casablanca 4 nights thru christmas , an easy walk from penn station due to the transit strike .
we were concerned when we saw that the hotel is 1/2 block from times square , but once inside you 'd never know it .
from the time we arrived until we departed , the staff was superb !
they really wanted us to enjoy our stay .
our interior room was extremely quiet , and while not large , of sufficient size ( especially the bathroom ) .
the full continental breakfast was wonderful , as were the wine and goodies available in the early evening .
both were in rick 's lounge , which featured a fine pianist some evenings .
we both enjoyed the casablanca theme , which was tastefully done throughout .
the tiny romantic elevators always gave us a laugh .
we were so happy to discover this little gem and took away some great memories .
wonderful we stayed here for 2 nights for a special birthday celebration weekend .
the staff is so friendly and hospitable .
the accommodations comfortable and immaculate .
the 2nd floor lounge is a real plus with beverages/snacks available 24 hours .
do not miss the wine/cheese from 5-8 or so . . . with piano player on friday nights .
the location is right in time square , but when you stay here , you feel as if you 've left the city .
it 's a totally quiet and relaxed atmosphere .
this will definitely be our place to stay on future trips to new york .
heaven in a blizzard we stayed at the casablanca hotel for just three nights feb . 12-15, 2006. in the middle of the biggest snowstorm ever to hit manhattan .
it is a fantastic small hotel !
staff ( everyone we met ) were extremelypleasant and helpful .
you actually felt as though they were glad you were staying in the hotel !
our oom was large by nyc standards .
the hotel is old but updated and well kept .
beds have down comforters . bathroom very clean and beautifully tiled .
24hr coffee , tee , and snacks on the 2nd floor .
good value for the money .
although located just steps from times square - noise was minimal .
a much more pleasant experience than the larger more commercial properties in the area .
would definitely stay at this little nyc gem again ( and again ) .
fantastic we stayed at the casablanca for 4 nights from the 6th of february .
i had advised the hotel that it was our anniversary and we were upgraded to a deluxe room and a bottle of chilled champagne was delivered to our room .
a very nice touch .
a few days before our arrival we received a phonecall from the hotel regarding transport from the airport .
we found the room and the bathroom extremely clean with nice decor .
the staff were excellent , extremely pleasant and helpful .
the cheese and wine was welcome after a cold day outside .
my only gripe was that our room was to the front of the hotel and was a small bit noisy .
if booking ask for a room in the back .
otherwise location was superb .
this hotel is highly recommended .
great little hotel this is truly an oasis in the middle of new york and only a few yards from time square .
the rooms and beds are a little on the small side .
otherwise a great friendly hotel .
no complaints whats so ever .
an oasis of calm . . . .
this a great little hotel .
just a few yards from times square , but feels a million miles away . . . the area is the main tourist part of town , but it 's also got the subway just across the street to take you downtown to the village etc , and is comfortable walking distance to fifth avenue , empire state , rockefeller , moma , central park and numerous other sights . the rooms and nice enough , a little small - but you ca not really expect anything more in the heart of nyc . staff were very friendly , offering restaurant recommendations etc .
the cafe was great - free breakfast , free coffee and cakes all day , and free cheese and wine every evening .
when you factor all that into the room rate , it 's actually a bit of a bargain .
enjoyable ny experience my daughter and i stayed at the casablanca the week before christmas in 2004 and 2005.
obviously , we were very satisfied during our stay in 2004 and extended for an additional day this past december .
the location is ideal for walking to the theater district , tourist attractions , restaurants , and shopping , which was appreciated this time because of the transit strike .
the friendly staff , the availability of a light breakfast before starting the day ; coffee , etc . available throughout the day ; wine and cheese in the evenings in a relaxed atmosphere just added to an enjoyable experience .
casablance saves the trip !
( beware when you book on line ! )
i had booked this hotel via the trip advisor web site and received a confirmation from travelocity telling me that i had got the deluxe room i had asked for .
a special occasion , i was taking my husband via the queen mary 2 to ny for our wedding anniversary break .
the transatlantic sail was perfect , the ship , sublime , the suite , perfect and we arrived at the hotel in a limo along with a great deal of luggage !
confirmation in hand , we trooped to reception . . . only to find that they had no record of our booking !
yes , the bookers had told us we had a room , but neglected to tell the hotel , who were now full . . . leaving us stranded ( this happens a lot , we were told . . . so always check you have a booking . . . a confirmation with this company means very little ! )
we were stuck !
no hotel !
a great deal of luggage and no room at the busiest time for christmas shopping in ny . . . it looked like the fantastic climax to our trip was ruined .
however , the boys at the casablanca were fantastic !
nick and the chaps immediately juggled bookings , made calls , put themsleves out and after a short wait , found us a room in their hotel ( and had promised to find one elsewhere if they could not help us as they were very full ! )
it was not the deluxe room i wanted , they apologised the room would be small and not their best but i was so grateful for the fantastic service , we said yes !
the room was great !
if that is the worst , i look forward to staying in the deluxe when we next stay in ny !
it was comfortable , well decorated and available straight away (11am ! )
on top of that , nick took copies of all my paper work and has been great about chasing up the problem with me . . . really taking joint ownership when he really had no need .
the hotel deserves all the praise you read in the reviews . . . coffee , juices and buns and biscuits available all day and a great cheese and wine evening ( except sundays ) .
breakfast is good too and though the hotel is just off time sq , we had an undisturbed trip and we were ideally located for shopping , theatre and everything else ny .
booking restaurants , taxis etc was no problem for the hotel and they really went out of their way to make sure we were happy and comfortable after our unfortunate start . . . they actually seemed to care about a problem that really was not theirs .
i have stayed in many hotels in ny and i have to say that this is the best .
an originally decorated , truly friendly , incredibly helpful establishment . . . i ca not praise it enough for everything they did for us .
on top of that . . . its half the price of the places we usually stay where you are pretty much invisable after check in . thank you nick and the guys and please , members , if you book on line , even through a great site like trip advisor and you get a confirmation . . . please please call and check !
i shall not be using travelocity again . . . they really did not care and made no effort to apologise or even respond to my problem .
brilliant my partner and i stayed at the casablanca for a week in mid december . the hotel was clean and comfortable and is in a fantastic location ( literally yards from times square ) .
our room was on the inside so was very quiet and well equiped , including a dvd player - free dvds are available within the hotel , there is also a pc with internet access in the lounge area .
on reading prior reviews i was a little concerned that the room would be too small , but the size was adequate and we were able to store ourselves and three large suitcases easily .
there is a buffet continental style breakfast where you can eat as much as you want , also free wine and cheese in the afternoons . the main asset of the hotel has to be the staff , they were all great and nothing was too much trouble .
from arranging meals in nearby restaurants on theatre nights , to helping us with the subway system , everything was handled in a professional and friendly way . i have no hesitation in recommeding this hotel , and will certainly stay here again when we return to new york .
loved the casablanca stayed with my daughter in december for a 3 day shopping weekend .
the staff and service was excellent !
location was great !
we are planning our next weekend escape at the casablanca .
fantastic hotel  fantastic hotel , excellent location , reception staff extremely welcoming  helpful .
lovely room  bathroom .
great value as breakfast  supper buffet included .
hope to return soon 
christmas in new york i am not sure what i can further add to recommend this hotel because as other reviewers have indicated this is an excellent hotel .
it has the charm of a quiet country hotel but it 's only a few metres from the centre of times square .
the room was clean , relaxed and quiet and hot drinks were available all day - it was good to have 'time out ' from the pace of new york . in terms of eating places there is an excellent deli behind the hotel on 44th street and an italian restaurant ( which has vegetarian dishes ) a few doors away .
we booked the restaurant for our christmas meal . one tip for your trip is remember that there are a number of taxes you have to pay on top of the room rate and these can really add up !
the hotel and our large bathroom were great !
we stayed at the casablanca hotel 12/6 - 12/8 before our departure on the qm2.
we had a lot of luggage and appreciated our nice - sized king bedroom and very large bathroom which accomodated our carry - ons , etc .
the shelving unit provided space for our toiletries .
when i called to confirm our reservation , i was warned that it faced the street and could be noisy and was offered the option to choose a smaller and quieter room .
we stayed in the original room , and at midnight each night , nearby construction began , but it was no problem , since we turned on our radio 's selection of nature sounds and fell asleep to the sounds of a thunderstorm ! there was a christmas tree in rick 's lounge , and it was so cozy with the gas burning fireplace on such cold nights !
the wine , cheese and 24/7 coffee , etc . , were great !
we enjoyed a wonderful dinner at tony 's which is accessed through an adjoing door in the casablanca foyer .
the staff was very friendly and courteous . we will definitely stay at the casablanca again , and friends also plan on staying there after our wonderful experience !
european charm in the heart of nyc what a wonderful little hotel right in the heart of times square .
the room was sufficient in size and the bathroom was extremely clean .
you can tell that the hotel was recently renovated .
the staff is probably the nicest in manhattan . . . always ready to help send you in the right direction or give advise on where to eat and what to see .
we arrived bright and early on the last saturday morning before christmas .
the staff stowed our luggage and invited us upstairs for a much welcomed continental breakfast , complete with cappuccino . . . a nice touch !
we will definitely recommend this hotel to our friends .
check in and enjoy the sights and sounds of the city !
excellent absolutely excellent hotel .
no faults at all .
room was very clean ( and i am fussy ) with more then adequate room .
the buffet breakfast was a great start to the day , the wine and cheese ( and popcorn ) in the evening was greatly appreciated after a long day exploring the shops in nyc . the staff were extremely helpful and i will definitely be returning to this hotel without a doubt .
almost perfect !
we just spent two nights there and were very happy with the casablanca .
the staff was very nice and helpful .
there was also a certain informality about the place and the staff that was refreshing .
our last trip to nyc we stayed at the iroquois where everything seemed formal and cold - feeling .
we paid $345/night due to the marathon taking place .
if we had gotten some of the lower rates mentioned in other reviews i would be even happier with the hotel .
the location was great for walking everywhere .
upon check - in we were given the option of a quiet inside room with a standard bathroom or a street - side room with a large bathroom .
we went for street - side and were awakened a couple of times by the noise , but it was not too bad .
if/when we stay there again we would probably go with an inside room .
the breakfasts were good although some better fruit would be nice .
it was also great to have a computer in the lounge to check email for free .
my major complaint about a lot of hotels is spending a lot for the room and then being nickel and dimed for a ton of small things .
i never got that feeling at the casablanca .
it was expensive , but they threw enough in that i was not bitter about the price .
loved the casablanca the staff was very courteous and friendly .
the promised complimentary bottle of champagne arrived for my husband 's 60th birthday as soon as we got our room .
the king suite was more spacious than the two of us needed .
if you are a light sleeper , you might want to ask for a room not facing the main street .
the bed , pillows , tvs , dvd players , towels , bath robes and shower were great .
they have a small selection of dvds available for loan ( they are switching over from videos ) .
the free wine and cheese in the lounge is everyday except sunday , and the piano player is there weekdays .
the staff allowed one group staying there ( celebrating one of the group 's 80th birthday ) to have several , additional guests join them in the lounge , before heading off to the theatre .
the staff just brought out more wine and more cheese .
the italian restaurant next door had good food and so did the heartland brewery , just two doors down .
we hated to leave and hope to be back !
it 's all been said before stayed at the casablanca for 5 nights 20th to 25 october for a 50th birthday treat .
arrived mid afternoon to be told that we had been upgraded to a suite but with apologies that it could only be for the one night but they were also dropping our rate by 10 dollars a night , what superb start to the week , they informed us that we would have to be moved the following day but not to worry about anything as when we returned from our days excursions they would have transfered everything for us , low and behold on our return the following day everything was as we left it but in a different room .
they then delivered a bottle of champagne to the room as a treat for my birthday , i do not think we would have got this in sort of treatment in many other hotels .
the smaller room was adequate and the bathroom was a good size , at the end of the day you do not go to new york to spend a lot of time in your room !
all the staff were friedly and very proffesional , nothing was to much trouble .
one day rain was forcast and they insisted that we take one of their umbrellas just in case , thats the sort of detail they take .
ricks on the second floor is great , free coffee and pastries all day with free cheese , wine and champagne from 17:00 - 20:00 every evening .
the location cannot be beaten less the 50 yards from the centre of times square but still very quite once back in the hotel .
there are less expensive hotels in new york but if this is on your short list try it you will not be dissapointed ! ! !
an island of calm 3 steps from broadway a week in nyc was greatly enhanced by the convenience and comfort of the hotel and the exceptional amicability of the hotel 's staff .
varied breakfast choices , snacks all day and the evening wine/cheese bar contributed to our feeling that the hotel truly makes every effort to serve as a home away from home .
the room was surprisingly spacious ( this is nyc ! ) the bed was comfortable ; the shower was perfect . . . .even turn - down service chocolates .
we will certainly return to a place so well - maintained and a staff so knowledgeable and friendly with such a central location - a block from the subway and from times square .
awesome ! !
we had an excellent stay at the casablanca .
the staff is fantastic .
breakfast and afternoon tea was really good too .
the location is perfect for anyone wanting accommodaitons that are wonderful and a short hop to the convenience of times square .
willl definitely stay again on my next visit to the big apple !
wonderful hotel !
we stayed here for 4 nights and loved it !
the staff were unbelievably friendly , efficient and the rooms were clean and tastefully decorated .
it manages to keep it african accents without degenerating into a tacky , themed hotel .
the location was great and quieter than i expected , especially given its close proximity to time square .
we loved the wine and cheese event each evening where it was a good chance to chill out ( drinking surprisingly good wine for a freebie ) , chatting with other guests or enjoying the small garden . minor niggle - i couldnt get a cell phone signal in the hotel but that might be a common problem in ny .
" play it again sam " we wish we could play our recent trip again .
new york is a fascinating city and the casablanca definitely increased the enjoyment for us .
my wife and i stayed at the beginning and end of a 10 day trip for a total of 6 nights in 2 different rooms .
my wife is very particular with regards to hygiene and found both rooms immaculately clean .
for a city hotel our rooms were both of adequate size , one with quite a large bathroom .
they were both very comfortable with everything you would need , bathrobes , safe , hairdryer , iron and board etc .
the only point we would make is the noise of the air conditioning in one of the rooms but it was much needed at the time of our visit .
the staff were all very helpful and courteous and attended to every need when asked but they were not intrusive .
ricks cafe , the second floor lounge , was a welcome oasis and always our first , middle and last stop of the day .
the breakfast was very good , the cheese  wine from 5 till 8 was fantastic after a hard day 's sightseeing / shopping and before going out for the evening .
we have stayed in many hotels and only when we have been on a club floor have we ever seen anything like this and usually not as good .
it was a very comfortable experience and sometimes we had to drag ourselves away from the lounge .
it also has a computer with free internet access available and a pianist on friday evenings . the location is perfect , literally strides from times square but with the welcome tranquility inside the hotel this is hard to imagine . the best recommendation anyone could give is to say they would stay again and on our next visit to new york we fully intend to do that .
thank you casablanca for making a great holiday even better .
fantastic , lives up to reviews what a gem , an oasis just off times square .
brilliant location , warm and friendly staff .
loved the lounge with 24hr refreshments available and particularly felt welcomed and cherished as a guest by the champagne and nibbles laid on each evening . decorations to a very high standard and appropriate to the name of the hotel .
we had a good sized room with king bed and window to inner yard so no street noise but found a/c unit noisy as we are not used to having to use them .
this was august in new york .
luxurious bed linen , toiletries and even soft fluffy robes .
cannot recommend this hotel highly enough .
casablanca is perfect great hotel , do i need to say more .
we stayed 4 nights , 5 adults , 2 rooms .
one adult is so obsessive that she turns the bed down and unfolds all the towels searching for hair etc .
even she was satisfied that this hotel is clean .
the 2nd floor lounge is a joy .
the gym they sent us to was excellent ( only a short walk away ) .
the location is great .
but best of all , the staff is as nice as can be .
i almost did not write a review so i could keep this gem available just for us - -i totally recommend it !
great location why would anyone stay at a big hotel like the marriot in nyc when for the same price you could stay at a gem like the casablanca .
small intimate hotel just steps from times square .
we stayed one night took in a show and dinner .
free wine and cheese in the lounge area as well as coffee and tea and continental breakfast .
the room was a little small but more then enough for a couple .
it was so nice to walk just steps from times square into the piece and quiet of the casablanca .
would definetly stay there again 
lived up to our expectations we spent a week at the casablanca from 28th may to 4th june ; this was our first trip to nyc .
travelling as a family of four (2 adults and 2 girls aged 13 and 15) we realised , in our planning , that we would be unable to afford two rooms in a hotel of this calibre .
it did not seem possible to book on the internet for a family of four staying in a room with just two double beds , but a quick phone call to the hotel revealed that it would not be a problem if we did not mind sharing ( thanks jose on the desk ) .we were aware beforehand ( from reading reviews on trip advisor ) that the rooms were not spacious , and we were prepared to accept this ( given all the positive things we had read about the hotel , which compensated for it ) .
in fact , whilst the room was a little cramped ( as anticipated ) we were pleasantly surprised by the bathroom , which was quite roomy .
we greatly enjoyed our stay , due to a range of factors : the proximity to times square , the fact that as soon as you walked into the hotel the noise of the street disappeared completely , rick 's cafe where our teenage daughters enjoyed using the computer and internet whilst we relaxed with the papers and ( in the early evening ) free wine and cheese .
the pianist on friday evening was very charming and played beautifully . all in all a great experience and one we would gladly repeat .
an oasis in times square we spent 4 nights and 5 days for our first nyc trip .
comming through the doors provided an immediate cool , quiet , and welcoming environment from the heat , noise , pollution and crowd of times square .
we found all the staff to be very helpful and friendly .
the breakfast and afternoon wine and cheese were not only complimentary but also ample ; rick 's was a nice room to spread out in comfortably .
while the room was not large it was just fine ; the furniture was comfortable and always clean .
housekeeping staff was quick and unobtrusive ; other hotel staff was always courteous and helpfulwith our requests for dining recommendations , show tickets , and general questions .
we have recommended it to others and would definitely return .
made our special occasion even more so my wife and i traveled from texas to nyc to celebrate our 25th anniversary .
we booked the casablanca based on the great reviews on tripadvisor .
we were not disappointed .
from the ultra pleasant and knowledgeable staff to the wonderful ( complimentary ) breakfasts and wine  cheese happy hours at rick 's cafe , the casablanca made our special occasion week even more special .
our king room was cozy , clean and well - appointed , and the location of the hotel itself ca not be beat - -just steps from times square .
and the price , for new york , was very reasonable .
we highly recommend the casablanca , and we 'll be back .
excellent experience my husband and i stayed at the casablanca hotel because of the location ( we needed to be near times square to attend a conference ) and because of the excellent reviews it regularly receives on trip advisors .
it lived up to its reputation !
we had an excellent experience .
peter , the general manager , is a gem and the entire staff was helpful , welcoming , and informative .
the rooms are spotless and tasteful .
the bed is very comfortable .
while there is no room service or business center ( we do not need it ) , the casablanca has a lovely lounge for guests , rick 's cafe .
there are beverages and snacks available all the time as well as capuccino and expresso .
breakfast is included and it was more than we expected for free - -fresh fruit , yogurt , cereal , juice and a variety of breakfast sweet breads .
the hotel also serves very nice wine and cheese in the late afternoon - -all good quality ( delicious proseco ! )
the lounge also has a high speed internet access computer available for free as well .
for the money , this is one of the best deals in new york city and i highly recommend anyone who wants a centrally located nyc hotel to stay at the casablanca hotel .
we loved the hotel and truly enjoyed an excellent experience !
great place , what more can i say ?
it 's all been said before . . . . . we had a wonderful 8 night stay .
not a complaint to be had .
great place my friend and i stayed here end april for 5 nights .
we could not fault anything .
our room was quite big as we had a double double .
the large bathroom looked brand new with big mirrors and a hairdryer , robes , toiletries and clean towels .
service was impeccable , breakfast consisted of cereals , bagels , yoghurt , fresh fruit , croissants , a choice of teas and coffees .
the complimentary wine and champagne commenced 5pm til 8pm mon - sat , which was great for either coming back with tired feet in need of a drink , or as a start to the evening out .
there seems to be no limit either . the staff were first class and a standard exceeding most big chain hotels . we had no trouble walking around times square at night either .
we are definitley going back there once we have saved some more shopping money !
tough to beat the casablanca my wife and i stayed at the casablanca from thursday , may 19th - sunday , may 22nd .
this hotel is a quiet place to stay amid the chaos of times square .
the staff practice a high level of service that is hard to find in most hotels .
they greet you when entering the hotel and wish you a good day as you leave .
any request is met cheerfully and promptly .
the rooms are not huge , but are very clean and nice .
rick 's cafe on the second floor is where guests can get breakfast in the morning as well as coffee , tea , or wine with cheese and other snacks in the evening , all complimentary .
you can also access the internet there , again complimentary for guests .
the hotel has a unique moroccan - themed decor that is a pleasant change from the predictable chain hotel atmosphere .
also , there are many good restaurants in the immediate area , including a great italian restaurant right next door to the hotel .
overall , the casablanca is an exceptional place to stay in new york .
we will stay there again when we return to new york .
an oasis of civility amidst the hustle and bustle of times square .
the casablanca hotel is an oasis of civility just steps from the hustle and bustle of times square .
prime location within easy walking distance of most major attractions .
this small hotel provides a level of personal service and attention to detail that is almost unheard of at large hotels .
we were always greeted and welcomed back upon returning to the hotel .
our room was well maintained , very clean and extremely quiet .
rick 's cafe , a second floor lounge area is very well done and is an amenity we enjoyed quite often .
i 've stayed at large new york hotels but none can match the feel and comfort of the casablanca .
fantastic hotel for a fantastic holiday !
my boyfriend and i chose the casablanca for our recent trip to new york on the strength of other reviews on tripadvisor . . . . we were not disappointed !
on arrival the staff could not have been more welcoming and were very understanding about an initial problem with my credit card .
we were upgraded to a kingsize room which was very spacious by new york standards and had a fantastic bathroom .
the location could not be better , on times square slap bang in the middle of manhattan and yet the hotel remained a little oasis of calm .
the breakfast was always fresh and plentiful , coffee , juice , cereal , bagels , pastries and muffins etc and the cheese and wine in the evenings was a lovely touch . highly recommended !
by the way if you want the best pizza in town then check out johns next to 'the producers ' on broadway .
stop writing good reviews - keep this hotel a secret only joking in the title , seriously , for the most of us , staying in a new place can be daunting .
thanks to tripadvisor , that can now be a thing of the past .
if it wasnt for the good reviews about the casablanca , we would never have known about this special hotel ( i 'm sure there are others out there waiting to be tried ) - we might have gone with our first choice the pennsylvania .
we stayed for 3 nights at the casablanca ( apr 4,5,6 ) , en route to las vegas .
staff - pleasant , courteous and helpful .
position - step out of hotel door , turn right 20yds ( i know , it should be mtrs ! ) now on the corner of 43rd and broadway , turn right again and another 100yds takes you to times sq . hotel to most theaters , 10 mins by foot .
rooms - pleasantly decorated , clean  quiet ( get one at the back , building work on 43rd st at the moment )2nd floor lounge - breakfast included , what more can you say .
evening wine  cheese .
we came back in the day , and biscuits and coffee were available - in fact , i think that the refreshments were available all day long . all in all , a very good place to stay - we will certainly be staying at the casablanca when we vist ny next ( unless there are some other good reviews out there !
) if anyone wants more detail , photos , how to get there from newark , etc , etc - contact me by email 
absolutely fabulous .
we stayed at the casablanca from march 10th till march 17th 2005.
it is undoubtedly one of the most charming hotels i??e had the pleasure to stay in .
location is excellent , seconds from times square , theatre district and minutes from 42nd st . subway station .
macy?? and empire state are about 15 minutes walk from the hotel handy when returning laden with shopping .
despite its proximity to the hustle and bustle of times square it is incredibly quiet .
the staff were excellent and very informative always willing to help out with a dinner reservation and took a genuine interest in our itinerary ( especially keen on our reviews of the broadway shows we?? seen avenue q is brilliant ) .
the hotel continental breakfast is better than expected and is a must for the walking required in new york .
the wine and cheese was lovely to wind down to after a hectic day in the city and perfect for pre - dinner , theatre , jazz drinks .
this is accompanied with live piano music which i?? sad to say is dying out in hotels now but full credit to the casablanca for keeping it alive .
the room was reasonably sized considering new york?? penchant for human rabbit hutches .
we had quite a small bed between two of us but that was more expedia not explaining the bed sizes properly something to have in mind next time .
thus in summation casablanca hotel?? location is excellent , staff are very friendly and the rooms are high above acceptable standard .
i will definitely be staying here again and would not hesitate to recommend this ??ecret? ? as
it has been eloquently called by previous reviewers to my dearest friends and family .
superb we read several reviews about the casablanca before we booked for april 6-10, but never expected such a warm reception upon our arrival , nor such superb service throughout our stay .
we were truly pampered by the staff .
we have had continental breakfasts in the past , but never one to compare with the breakfast offered by this hotel .
we especially enjoyed the second floor lounge with wine and cheese in the late afternoon .
the hotel 's location was perfect for our walks to the theater - and around times square .
we highly recommend the casablanca and hope to return .
fab this hotel was really fabulous .
the staff were extremely helpful and went out of their way to ensure we all enjoyed our stay .
my sister was particularily partial to the excellent cheese and wine in the evening ( free ) fab location fab staff and fab tonys restuarant next door .
a wonderful holiday .
we stayed at the casablanca april 6-9 after reading the reviews on this site .
we were not disappointed !
we stayed in a suite with two beds and a hide - a - bed .
the room was large , clean and well decorated .
there was a vcr and movies were available to borrow .
the second floor lounge was wonderful - -wine and cheese every evening and a great lite breakfast in the morning .
the staff could not have been more congenial .
this hotel exceeded my expectations and the location was perfect . . . on a quiet street right off times square .
stay here - -it definitely beats anything else in the times square area and only a few steps to the subway .
again , you wo not find a more pleasant staff anywhere !
oasis in time square - - best kept secret spent two nights in manhattan at the casablanca - - i picked the hotel based on reviews in tripadvisor and the experience exceeded my expectations .
the rooms were nice and the lounge on the second floor with the free cookies/cofee and expresso was a very nice . the best part of the hotel was the concierge leon and nick .
i was running around to museums and called leon at the hotel and told him that i needed to find a very good restaurant in little italy for that evening .
within a few minutes he called back with the name of the restaurant and told me that i had reservations for my requested time .
it was one of the best meals that i have experienced .
i travel extensively around the world including to world class spas with my wife ( e . g , miraval in catalina az ) and i strongly believe the service that you receive at the casablanca is as good if not better than the service you will receive at world class hotels .
i hope this remains a secret as i look forward to going back during my next trip to nyc . you will not regret your choice if you end up at this hotel .
great service and location i would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be in the middle of it all in times square .
while the rooms are new york city sized ( a bit on the small size ) , they are clean and beautifully done .
the second floor ( rick 's cafe ) offers a lot .
not only is it done in a living room style setting , it offers a little something for everyone - - the complimentary breakfast is very generous and has plenty of variety .
coffee , tea , fruit and cookies are on hand at all times of the day .
i became a master at the cappocino ( sp ? ) machine .
the afternoon wine and cheese was just great prior to going to a show .
but , you cannot beat the personal service you receive from the front desk .
the two primary people that we dealt with were nick and leon .
they went out of their way to take care of us .
they would even come up to the second floor just to say hello during breakfast or during the wine and cheese in the afternoon .
as a traveler to nyc you need to check out this hotel .
as i said before , i would keep in mind the size of the room i am reserving and not try to get away with the cheapest as it will be very tiny .
what you spend in an upgraded room , you save in breakfast and other snacks , wine , etc .
take advantage of what they offer on the second floor in the way of food , drinks , etc .
the main two items i would caution you about are the room size and the pillow size/hardness .
if you can , bring your own pillow .
this was a great place to stay ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
delightful oasis our family of five stayed in a suite here the first few days of march .
i was worried about us being cramped together , but found this hotel has the right idea .
the lounge on the second floor became our family room , when people got up early ( mom loved the free cappucinos . ) or wanted to stay up late ( the kids enjoyed late night webcrawling . ) .
the hotel staff was incredibly warm and helpful .
the location was primo for our theater dates , and to the subway for going anywhere else .
being a country mouse , i found times square a bit daunting , but the casablanca offered an oasis that was a sea of calm .
we all loved this hotel and would return any time .
also loved tony 's right next store for great italian feasts .
hotel casablanca is fab !
i have just stayed at the hotel casablanca for a weekend break in nyc and am pleased to recommend it .
this hotel is a small boutique type with lots of personality for people who like something a bit different and more personal .
super close to times square , the theatre district and a subway stop but at the same time has quiet  relaxed atmosphere .
modern , good - size clean rooms complete with robes and chocolates !
friendly , helpful staff .
the complimentary breakfast  24 hour tea  coffee machine were great time  money savers , much better than in - room coffee maker .
thought the price was good value for the perfect location and all the little extras .
would definitely stay there again .
a little gem ! !
we loved this hotel !
the location could not be better , right on times square . we received a warm and friendly welcome on arrival and were upgraded to a king room .
the complimentary breakfast was a bonus with coffee , tea , juices , bagels , croissants , pastries , cereals , boiled eggs we ended up having breakfast their every morning although that was not our intention but rick 's lounge was so cosy and inviting and a nice place to start the day . it was also a very welcome place to come back to and relax , have a glass of wine and some nibbles while resting our sore feet ! the staff were all very friendly and helpful , a special mention must go to joe the manager who was genuinely interested in his guests and ensured that their stay was enjoyable .
an old favourite it 's a while since i stayed in this hotel but when it first opened you could get a room there for $70/night .
rooms were small but like eveything else about the palce exquisite .
trying to get back there and will write a much more up to date review if i do .
start of a beautiful friendship i scheduled a short romantic getaway to nyc for me and my wife .
after checking the various reviews and after reviewing the hotel 's website , i chose the casablance hotel .
the website gave an honest depiction of the facilities .
the location is fabulous - right on times square and close to the subway .
the hotel was only two blocks from the theater we were scheduled to attend .
the hotel has charm that was supplemented by the morrocan decor .
we were told that our room was under renovation and that the minibar refigerator was not functional .
the hotel gave an appropraite discount for the inconvenience and offered to store anything we needed in the hotel 's refrigerator ( which we had to take advantage of ) .
if the room was being renovated , they must have completed everything but the minibar .
the room was clean and comfortable .
the bathroom looked new .
the water drainage in the sink and tub was a little slow but not a problem .
the room was quiet and insulated from any street noise .
rick 's cafe was a good place to relax after returning from our trips in the city .
the buffet was not spectacular but was sufficient and filling .
the wine and cheese event each day was a nice tocuh and gave us an opportunity to meet and talk with other guests .
the hotel has a bed and breakfast feel to it .
the staff were very helpful and pleasant .
i 've stayed in other ritzier hotels in nyc but will be returning to the casablanca .
we certainly got our money 's worth .
delivered as promised the casablanca was exactly as advertised .
very nice for the price , a welcoming staff , and a perfect location .
the hotel is less than 50 feet from the center of times square .
the $17 dollar per day savings on the parking garage next door was a nice perk .
the rooms were small , but decorated in keeping with the theme and very comfortable .
ask for a room that is 04 (304, 404, etc . ) because they have larger bathrooms .
tony d 's restaurant which is downstairs , was excellent .
rick 's cafe on the second floor was a perfect spot for a complementary evening cup of coffee and snack , as well as the free morning breakfast .
we definitely will be staying at the casablanca on our next visit to new york .
a great place we stayed at the casablanca during the great blizzard of 2005 and took full advantage of the comfortable common living room .
the staff was very friendly and helpful , and while our room was small , it was clean , well - appointed and very quiet .
the complimentary breakfast and evening wine and cheese hour were bonuses .
the location could not have been more convenient .
we can recommend it heartily .
new york 's best kept secret - the hotel casablanca october 23 to 27, 2004: if you 're visiting new york city for the first time and want a prime location with great ambience , then the hotel casablance on 43rd street is your place .
we stayed for four wonderful nights .
i loved the morning breakfast and evening wine with cheese .
we met so many great people during those times , and really enjoyed the oasis off of times square .
extremely clean and friendly environment .
do i have a complaint ?
one , the pillows are not the best and two , the lighting seems to be dim , but then i felt that way about most places in new york .
please do not tell anyone about this fantastic place , because we want to keep it a secret .
with 48 rooms total , it is really like staying at a large bed 'n breakfast .
we left new york for louisville , kentucky to a high rise hyatt .
i realized immediately that with all the frills , i missed the cozy feeling at the hotel casablanca .
i just ca not explain the special place it turned out to be .
treated us like family we just returned from a business/family vacation to nyc and have nothing but positive comments about this hotel .
joe and the staff treated us like family from the moment we walked through the door .
we were traveling with our two children and were given excellent advice on fun and interesting restaurants and tourist spots .
the relaxed atmosphere at the casablanca and the attentiveness of everyone who works there was such a highlight of our vacation .
we truly felt like the comfort of home everytime we walked through the doors .
fantastic staff in a great facility !
my husband and i found the staff at this hotel the most helpful , informative and welcoming we 've experienced ( not a sour look to be seen ! ) .
they made nearly all our dinner reservations for us and offered general advice on sight - seeing , etc .
the ever - present manager , joe , milled around amongst the guests answering any queries , or just generally chatting without being overbearing .
he seemed to know manhattan as though it were his own backyard , and sent us to some fabulous neighbourhoods , bars and restaurants .
the endless coffee and pastries ( and breakfast in general ) was a great bonus , as was the wine and cheese in the evening .
the location speaks for itself .
a real haven .
we would highly recommend this hotel , especially to first - time visitors who appreciate excellent service and informative staff .
amazing experience ! ! !
we discovered the casablanca hotel on this site , and decided to try something new on this year 's trip to ny in august .
i can not describe how wonderful our experience was .
everyone member of the staff from the gm to the desk staff was incredible and accomodating .
we were going to travel to a new location next year , but after experiencing the casablanca , we ca not wait to return to this hotel next year .
i ca not recommend this hotel enough and the second floor is a great place to relax and to mingle with the other quests to find out about their day .
i 've stayed in a lot of hotels and this was the best stay our family has ever had .
thanks so much to the entire casablanca staff for an incredible stay ! ! ! see ya next august ! ! !
absolutely the best we just returned from a 3 night stay ( oct .
2-5) and i cannot say enough wonderful things about this hotel .
the entire staff is friendly , helpful and goes out of their way to make your stay delightful .
rick 's lounge is amazing .
this is one of the few places where a continental breakfast includes hard boiled eggs ( a great item if you are watching your carbs ) .
the coffees and snacks throughout the day and evening are a wonderful way to recharge after a busy schedule .
however , the evening wine and cheese reception cannot be beat .
it was so nice to relax and sip some sparkling wine before heading out to face the chaos of times square .
our room was a nice size (2 double beds ) but some of the rooms did look extremely small .
the bathroom is beautiful and is so clean it sparkles .
the entire hotel was extremely quiet , we never heard any street noise .
the restaurant recommendations were perfect .
this is the only place i want to stay !
nice hotel , great location - would stay here again very friendly and helpful staff give this hotel the edge over many others .
as we walked through the door , the staff on the front desk were expecting us , welcomed us by our names , and made us feel right at home ( even though we were late due to a delayed flight ) .rooms were not the largest i 've stayed in ( and we had a deluxe room ) , but i guess they were a reasonable size for manhatten . lounge area was really nice , where complementary breakfast and evening cheese/wine served .
fantastic location just yards from times square .
would definately stay here again .
casablanca is thee hotel just stayed at the casablanca hotel on monday - 9/28 and it was absolutely wonderful .
i have stayed in a few hotels in manhattan and the casablanca tops them all .
the service and the representation is superb !
it is a very cozy hotel and the lounge is a great feature for some good coffee and some wine later on in the day .
i would recommend this hotel over all the others i have stayed at .
you get so much more for your money here and it 's just great to be around a staff who is smiling and willing to help you with whatever you need .
a true gem !
i stayed at the casablanca hotel the weekend of august 13-15.
it is a truly charming hotel - - clean and quiet , very attractive , tasteful decor , extremely friendly and helpful employees and an excellent free breakfast buffet .
there are also snacks provided during the day and a wine and cheese hour every week night in rick 's cafe ( a common area with a piano , big screen tv , computer access , books and newspapers ) .
this hotel is a true refuge amidst the hustle and bustle of times square .
as a single woman traveling alone in new york , i felt very safe and secure at the casablanca .
i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to new york .
my home in new york city ! ! ! my husband and i have found our place in new york city .
we have always loved the city , but have never been able to find a hotel that makes us feel at home in the masses .
as soon as we walked in the door of the casablanca this was the last of our worries .
the handsome gentlemen of the staff greeted us each day with warm smiles and a genuine willingness to make our trip as pleasant as possible .
thank you aaron ! ! ! furthermore , joe the general manager was always on hand to make us feel extra special .
as if this was not enough , they have complimentary breakfast each morning , wine and cheese reception , and a computer with complimentary internet access , all in the guests only lounge called rick 's cafe .
oh yeah , and it is close to everything , and i mean walking distance . there is no question we will be back to the casablanca every time we so much as step foot into new york city .
thank you sooooooo much guys for showing us a great side to new york ! sincerely , a very happy guest 
perfect vacation my wife and i stayed at the casablanca hotel during the first week of august celebrating my wife 's birthday as well as our anniversary .
all of the positive reviews rendered by previous guests are right on the mark .
although we arrived several hours prior to check - in , our room was available and our request for a non - smoking , quiet room was honored .
all hotel staff were exceptional !
the front desk associates were very friendly , courteous , and helpful .
they offered great recommendations regarding restaurants , entertainment and subway directions .
housekeeping was completed in a very timely manner as the room was generally cleaned while we were enjoying the complimentary breakfast at rick 's cafe .
we found the accomodations to be most comfortable , very clean and well maintained , and quiet !
we are very hard pressed to find any negatives regarding the casablanca .
the afternoon snacks as well as the complimentary wine and cheese during the early evening hours were a true oasis after enjoying a full day on the town .
rick 's cafe even provides complimentary internet access for guests of the hotel as well as nyc newspapers . given the above amenities , plus it 's terrific location , it would be difficult to recommend another hotel while visiting nyc . we are looking forward to returning to nyc and again staying at the casablanca hotel .
the casablanca truly made our vacation and visit to nyc very special .
loved the casablanca ! !
we just returned from our stay at the casablanca july 24-31.
we had a double room (1 bed for us , 1 bed for our teenaged daughters ) and found it quite clean and comfortable .
we had a corner room on the 4th floor and it was unbelievably quiet .
the location is extremely convenient to everything and just steps away from times square . the big plus at the casablanca is the staff .
they truly ca not do enough for you and go out of their way to be helpful and friendly .
we also enjoyed rick 's cafe - loved being able to enjoy breakfast without leaving our hotel , wine in the afternoon and a quick snack in the evenings .
this was our first trip to ny and we really wanted it to be special , especially for our daughters .
the people at the casablanca helped to make sure that this was truly a trip to remember ! ! !
incredible another incredible vacation !
this place makes me want to do a commercial on it .
our 10 day april stay was our best yet !
the staff is excellent , very caring , and joe and staff are professionals .
we love happy hour .
this staff is dedicated to making sure your stay is not good , but perfect .
we travel a lot and i 've never felt more welcome , or been more pampered .
i was even asked to call and let them know we made it home safely .
your website is the best , simple and right to the point .
wonderful stay at the casablanca i stayed at the casablanca hotel in late march .
the service could not have been better .
the front desk staff was especially friendly and helpful for restaurant ideas and even helped to package a broadway show poster for me to take on my flight home .
the room was small but clean and the bathroom had all the necessary ammenities .
the breakfast offered a good variety and wine was enjoyed later too .
and tony dinapoli 's restaurant next door is very convenient and the food was great .
try the blood orange martinis there - - excellent !
we will return we were there for five nights at the end of march .
the central location for shows and seeing the sights is a big plus , but better was the hospitality we received from the courteous and helpful staff .
and we appreciated the lounge and the chance to relax with other guests , to share experiences over a glass of wine .
perfect stay this was the perfect hotel for our first visit to nyc .
the service is excellent , the location is great , the rooms are small but very nice and clean .
we would highly recommend this hotel !
we 'll be back we had a wonderful stay here - yes , the rooms are small , but if you 're in new york , all you need a room for is sleeping - if ever ! !
the staff are extremely friendly and helpful , and we enjoyed the relaxation in rick 's cafe on the 2nd floor , with coffee and nibbles when you come in from shopping , walking , sightseeing .
the casablanca is bang smack in the middle of everything , times square , 5th avenue , restaurants , pubs - brilliant ! ! we 'll be recommending this to our friends .
wonderful birthday i took my husband and 7 friends to this hotel to celebrate his 40th birthday in new york and this hotel certainly helped to make his stay memorable .
the rooms are small but extremely clean and comfortable and perhaps have even too much furniture for the sake of a bigger bed .
the service was one of the finest examples i have ever received - the front desk couldnt do enough for us and the ambience is relaxing and friendly .
the location is fantastic - couldnt fault this place - would go back again without any hesitatation .
thank you for helping to make this celebration so wonderful .
we love this place !
our family has stayed at the casablanca hotel many times .
we have never been disappointed with it !
first , it 's got location ; free spending visitors adore everything from the souvenir shops , eclectic restaurants , bars to the enormous billboards of victorias secret models to the latest mega - musical .
it is incredibly convenient .
the rooms are good sized  the staff is super nice .
we love this place .
simply the best my husband and i had the pleasure of staying at the chancellor for 4 nights at the beginning of december and loved it . this is the second time we have stayed here , and after a break of three years we did not know if it would still be as good , and it was even better ! !it is spotlessly clean , had the most comfortable bed out of everywhere we stayed whilst on our six week vacation , is in the best spot right at union square , and has the best and most efficient staff that we encountered . this , i am sure is because of the general manager mr wes tyler , who we had the pleasure of meeting while we were visiting .
he cares about the hotel 's reputation and it shows in every aspect of the running of the hotel . breakfast in luques restaurant was faultless every morning , and the staff were friendly and very efficient , especially yesmie ( i hope this is how her name is spelt ) she was probably the most efficient wait person i have ever encountered . susan at the tour desk , who i believe has been there 35 years , knows everything there is to know about sf , so it worth picking her brain for information . all , in all , we had a wonderful time at the chancellor and plan to go back in about eighteen months . hotels can make or break your holiday , and this one certainly makes it .
as my husband kept saying whilst we were there why would you stay anywhere elsecongratulations mr tyler and staff on a job well done ! !
comfy bed in cozy room great value .
while room was small , it was beautifully appointed , had a great , comfy bed and lots of little extras that made our stay really nice .
for example , they have pillow options available upon request ( satin ones to keep your hair - do nice , down ones , body pillows , knee pillows , etc . ) .
the bathroom was tiny , but the tub was deep , so it would make for a nice bath .
also , this is an old building ( thus the small rooms ) , so the windows open - -a great bonus for sleepers who like fresh air .
lastly , the location is so convenient : union square is literally right out side the front door ; the famous sears breakfast place is next door ( and if that 's too crowded , the hotel 's restaurant serves a great breakfast ) ; and public transportation , including cable cars are steps away .
would definitely return and recommend it without reservation .
rooms at the back of the hotel were very quiet .
rooms at the front may be noisy , ask at desk .
better than expected my family booked our stay at the chancellor at their 800 number , based on the favorable ratings from trip advisor .
helpful young man gave us the same internet rates , locked in the room rate , adjoining rooms , with a queen next to 2 twins on a high floor .
we were not disappointed .
ca not beat the location , as noted in most other reviewers , as with all historic sf hotels elevators , rooms and bathrooms are cozy .
this hotel is spotlessly clean , very well maintained , the recent renovation did wonders .
very tastefully done .
nice linens and furnishings .
far better than many other overpriced sf hotels that we have stayed at .
one of the best deals was the room rate with cost of parking included when requested .
added about $15 to the room rate of one room , it is off site and about a block away but an excellent value with in and out privileges .
sorry you wo not find a fancy monogrammed robe in the room , but they do have a portable heater , and an umbrella for your use in the event of a weather change .
it is next door to borders books , a 24 hour walgreens for those last minute needs .
did i say this hotel is spotlessly clean and well maintained !
enjoy your stay .
perfect place i lived in san francisco for many years and wanted a well - priced downtown location .
i requested and received an upper floor room with a view .
a high floor and a view of union square .
the room was small but very clean , had a large closet , desk , sitting area and a regular sized bathroom .
the staff was terrific , the location unbeatable and i would definitely stay there on my next visit .
i fell asleep and woke up with the wonderful sound of the cable car bells .
i was home !
i know this city and you cannot beat the price for this location .
highly recommend .
great choice my husband and i stayed here for 4 nights at the end of a 3 month rtw trip .
i had researched extensively on trip advisor and chose this hotel based on the reviews plus the hotel 's own website .
our ta booked it for us , at a cheaper rate than we could , so that was a positive to begin with .
on our last trip to san francisco we had stayed at fisherman 's wharf , but wanted to stay at union square this time . we were extremely pleased with everything about the chancellor .
the room size was fine , especially after having spent some time in europe , where rooms can be very small .
the bathroom may have been small , but had the requisite bath ( and a nice deep one ) , shower over it , washbasin , toilet and a shelf for toiletries , so what more do you need ?
not to mention the rubber ducky and the toiletries .
i enquired whether the ducky was complimentary - not only was it , but i was given another ( better ) one as well .
the body lotion is lovely , and there was also shampoo , bath salts , shower cap , cotton balls and cotton buds .
the bed was extremely comfortable and the pillows were fine .
we did not avail ourselves of the pillow menu , but there was enough there for the fussiest of sleepers .
while we were there , the tvs were being changed for flatscreens .
we had plenty of space in the wardrobe to hang things .
we left one suitcase in it on a stand , and had the other one in the room .
there was also an in room safe , which we used , an iron and ironing board , which we did not use and an umbrella which , thankfully , we did not need . we availed ourselves of the tea and coffee ( and the occasional cookie ) in the foyer , but do prefer to be able to make our own in the room .
however , again it was better than the hotels where we stayed in europe , none of which had any free tea or coffee , in the room or elsewhere . we ate breakfast in the hotel twice , and found it to be tasty and filling , and cheaper than other places .
it was actually the only time on our holiday where breakfast was not provided , so found this additional meal to be an expense we 'd rather not have ( the australian dollar had dropped dramatically in value while we were away , so everything became much more expensive than we 'd anticipated ) .our room was on the 3rd floor at the front of the hotel , so was noisy with the windows open .
however , when we wanted to sleep , we just closed the windows and used the ceiling fan for cooling .
and i did enjoy hearing the city noises , anyway , and at least we had a good view . the staff were always friendly and helpful , although i never did see wes , the manager .
i had enjoyed reading his trip advisor posts , both in the review section and on the san francisco forum .
we were able to leave our bags at the hotel on our departure day , which was helpful , as we had a 10.30 pm flight ( all 14 and a half hous of it ) home that night .
a 12 noon checkout was also good - it gave me time to pack and rearrange our luggage that morning . for the price we paid and for the location i highly recommend this hotel .
if we ever make a third visit to san francisco , we 'll definitely stay here again .
great location , great place ! !
we stayed at the chancellor for 5 nights in early november . my husband and i were traveling with our 23mth old son , although the room was a little squished with a crib in it , it was livable .
the rooms were lovely , very nicely decorated and comfortable .
the location of the chancellor was perfect , shopping was close , public transport was a breeze .
the staff were friendly and helpful . really nothing to fault about our stay ! though if you are traveling with a child ( who has bottles still ) please remember it is an older hotel that has been renovated , so there is no in room fridge or microwave .
this can be difficult but we made our way around it !
loved it stayed at the chancellor for 5 nights during november .
the hotel location is perfect , the beds very comfortable , the staff very helpful . . . thank you rory . . . and the cookies delicious . all in all excellent value for money .
i would highly recommend this hotel 
return visit we stayed here in april , and when returning to california decided to spend a couple of nights back here . again , could not fault the hotel in any way .
i think what they get so right is that the staff on reception are all so friendly without overdoing it .
i enquiried about the make of the body lotion , and on returning to my room discovered five extra bottles of it - nice touch . the rooms are fine and the beds are very comfortable .
as always mentioned , the location ca not be beaten . after staying here we went to yosemite , but decided to return to the chancellor for another night before setting off down the coast - back into the same room ( three times in this room - may ask for a different one for a change if we ever go back ) .it really is a great hotel , but most of all the staff make it what it is .
oh yes , and the cookies are great , especially the cranberry ones !
great experience we are a couple of french people : on a great vacation trip across the usa during summer 08, we spent four nights at the chancellor . as a lot of people , we loved this hotel : very convenient , very comfy , quiet ( we were at the back of the hotel ) , very good prices for where and what it is , etc . . . and yes , very nice plastic yellow ducks in the bathroom ! bravo for the staff : kindness , professionnalism , great sense of humour ( thanks to steve , matt , nate , martin , shamina , desiree and all the others . )fine
wines at the bar ( don?? remember his name , but the barkeeper knew his job ? ? and as a frenchman , i know a little about wines . . . )so , a really great stay at the chancellor for my wife and me .
we definitely recommend this hotel . . . .
and i?? now sure that wes tyler does exist . . . thanks to him . philippe 
fantastic honeymoon location we have just returned from our california driving honeymoon and the first 4 nights of our trip were spent at the chancellor .
we originally had a different hotel booked for our stay but after reading the reviews on ta we decided to change to the chancellor and we 're so pleased we did .
the location was fantastic , there was so much to see within a short distance .
the cable cars stop right outside the door to take you to the other places that need exploring . check in was a breeze , we were put in room 1205, so on the 12th floor , with a side room overlooking union square and macy 's .
the room was fantastic , very clean and tidy and with a nice bottle of champagne wating for us !
i have stayed in many smaller rooms than this with no space to store your luggage so this room was fine for us .
the bed was fantastically comfortable .
the bathroom was a little small but everything worked fine and it was very clean so it did not cause any problems .
we had food credit that came with our room so we ate breakfast in luques each day and it was lovely food .
the service was great , there was a never ending supply of coffee and the menu was so extensive neither of us had the same thing twice . to be honest i do not have a bad thing to say about the chancellor .
will i return to san francisco - yes , will i return to the chancellor - most definitely .
and i would recommend the place to all of my family and friends who may be thinging about visiting .
great hotel just returned from our 3 week trip , driving down the west coast from san francisco to san diego ( and flying on to las vegas ) and this was our favourite hotel .
we stayed there for 3 nights . the location is great ; hop on hop off the cable cars . the bed is probably one of the most comfortable we have ever slept on . the breakfast menu is extensive , the portions huge and tasted great . the coffee and cookies in the lobby is a nice touch ( even though i was sent 'downstairs ' on a number of occasions to bring a few back to the room ) .parking is fine .
although it seems a bit daunting at first driving to a car park in a city that you 've just arrived in , it really is easy to find ( they provide you with a map ) and is 2 minutes walk away .
for the money saving and the ease of access , we preferred this over the valet parking option . we would love to return to san francisco one day and would definitely stay here again .
great place to stay at the union square we stayed at the chancellor hotel at the union square from 21st to the 29th of aug , for a conference at the grand hyatt and we really enjoyed it . check in : easy and a friendly .
we had requested a refrigerator in the room ( based on one of the ta reviews? ? it
really was very useful ) room : really comfortable for two people .
the walk - in closet really expanded the space so that you could store your suitcases and not bump into anything .
we had asked for the topmost floor overlooking the union square , based on ta reviews and were glad for the choice .
we were not bothered by traffic or noise , and in fact found the music filtering in every evening from the union square really charming .
the sound of the cable cars and fire engines was not bad enough to disturb our sleep . bathroom : slightly on the smaller size , but big enough when we used it one at a time .
wished we had used the comfortable bath - tub ( and the rubber duck ) .lobby : the hotel lobby is intimate and cosy enough that you welcome coming back after a cool and tiring day .
the freshly baked cookies with different types baked everyday ( chocolate chip , raisin etc ) , coffee and apples were appreciated .
infact after the first day , when we had starbucks , we did not really feel the need to have any coffee elsewhere .
( i usually obsess over my coffee , and i really liked it ) .location : (i hate saying location , location , location , location ) great .
just right next to union square , a hop across to cafes , diners , small bistros , delis , a cable car stop right across , and very convenient for our conference also - just a block across . staff : rory , steve , and the other guys at the reception - very helpful .
any question we had , use of the business center to print our boarding cards , picking up a fedex for us and calling us up when it came - very helpful . luquesfilling breakfast with cheerful staff ( especially nancy ) .
we had breakfast a day before the conference and it was really good .
bacon usually is too salty to eat , but even an occasional non - vegetarian like me enjoyed it .
my wife had the veggie menu and felt her breakfast was ok . smell : i know somebody had mentioned some smell in the lobby .
i did not really notice any smell except the nice smell of popcorn .
there was however some funny smell in the passage outside our room .
just a minor point , and not really a big issue , as the room was comfortable , ( non smelly ) and the location cant be beaten . would we come back here - yes ! in a heartbeat . . just loved san francisco , and the convenience and homely feel of the chancellor had a lot to do with it .
location , location , location just returned after a 3 night stay at the chancellor .
loved it ! the location is superb ; shops , cafes and cable cars on the doorstep and union square across the street .
yes , the room and bathroom were small but they were freshly decorated and spotlessly clean .
the bed was comfy and had nice , soft pillows .
we were able to check - in 3 hours early , which was handy and were given a quiet room on the back of the hotel , which meant we never heard any street noise ( just next door 's tv ! )we caught a cab from the airport and used the hotel - recommended shuttle - bus service , lorrie 's shuttle , on the way back .
we would probably use them both ways next time , as they are cheaper than a cab and you can book them directly from the hotel 's web site . the hotel facilities were great - a small bar off the foyer , a pleasant cafe for breakfast ( and lunch ) and a guest computer  printer for flight check - ins etc .
we found all the staff helpful . the one - day muni passes are very good value for all public transport and give you the freedom to jump on and off the cable cars .
you can buy them from the tour desk for $11 ( cash only ) .loved san fran and loved the chancellor !
the extra little touches made it memorable we stayed here for four nights , the final leg of a 3.5 week tour and what a way to finish .
i 'd let the hotel know that we were celebrating our silver wedding anniversary and they left champagne , champagne flutes and a photo frame in our room on the first night .
a lovely personal touch from the hotel . the room was extremely comfortable with a great view of union square and it is in an excellent location with cable car stops just outside .
free tea and coffee was available in the lobby all day , another bonus .
breakfast in the restaurant was good value and great quality . considering the central location i felt it was good value for money and i would not stay anywhere else if i 'm lucky enough to go back to san francisco .
great hotel .
great price .
great location .
only had one night to spend in san francisco and found a great deal on this hotel .
no complaints whatsoever .
only a few blocks from one of the largest shopping areas ive ever seen and the cable car runs on the street right in front of the hotel and takes you directly to fishermans wharf .
my girlfriend and i had a few drinks at the lobby bar which was manned by a friendly bartender whose name i wish i could remember .
lucky for us the hotel was kind enough to store our bags after checkout so that we could explore the city .
we 've recommended this hotel to everyone we knew who were heading to the bay .
great place to stay !
i booked a surprise get away for my husband and i mid october and after much research chose the chancellor - mostly due to the reviews here on trip advisor .
we were not disappointed .
it 's in a great location , they accomodated our early arrival , had a welcoming present for us in our room ( they knew it was my husbands birthday ) , the bed was comfortable , the room was spacious enough ( really , who is spending tons of time in their room in sf anyway ) and the staff were friendly .
there were definitely sounds of the city to be heard from our open window at night , but again , it 's san francisco !
the only bad thing i would comment on was the water pressure - the shower could have been a bit stronger , but i would not let that stop us from booking here again .
had a wonderful time .
outstanding hotel stayed here for 3 nights october 4th - 7th .
the trip served as a birthday celebration for my wife and being patriots fans we travelled to see them play the 49ers .
i e - mailed wes ahead of time to let him know the theme for the trip out west and his staff and himself were very welcoming .
there was a bottle of wine , a throw blanket (49ers . . . but it 's the thought that counts ) , and a picture frame present for my wife .
this hotel is as advertised and i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be centrally located to everything , and to experience customer service at its best .
thank you to wes and all who made us feel welcome .
wonderful stay at the chancellor my husband and i are just back from our first trip to san francisco .
i chose the chancellor based on reviews on trip advisor , and we were not disappointed .
i e - mailed the manager , wes tyler , several times prior to our trip with questions and he always responded promptly , which was a nice touch .
i 'm not sure one would get this at a larger hotel .
everything about our stay at the chancellor more than met our expectations .
we had booked shuttle service from the airport with lorrie 's , which i found on the hotel 's website and which i 'm sure saved us considerable time as we were unfamiliar with getting around san francisco .
we arrived early in the morning and our room was not yet ready , but we had expected this and left our bags to go on an alcatraz tour .
when we returned , we went to our room which , as requested prior to our arrival , was a corner room with a view of union square ( room 1203) .
waiting for us was a bottle of sparkling wine , two chancellor wine glasses , gift - wrapped photo frame , and nice note from the hotel staff congratulating us on our recent marriage .
what a way to welcome your guests !
the room was painted in lovely shades of green and taupe , with nice prints on the walls .
the bed had a soft white comforter and many pillows .
television , armchairs , dressers , lamps , etc . were more than adequate .
the bed was extremely comfortable and we slept like babies for the four nights we were there .
the bathroom was plenty big for the both of us , and well - appointed with soap , shampoo , lotion , tissues , cotton balls and q - tips , hair dryer , and makeup mirror ( plus the rubber ducky was a cute touch ! ) .
the ceiling fan and open windows provided more than enough ventilation .
the large closet was much appreciated , as was the iron , ironing board , and in - room safe .
the room was very quiet at all times , and street noise was not bothersome .
all of the staff that we encountered were efficient , friendly , and helpful - -particularly steve ( helped us with restaurant reservations ) , susie ( answered transportation questions and arranged shuttle service back to sfo ) , and matt ( brought our bags to the room ) .
everyone that we saw truly seemed to enjoy working at the hotel .
we visited both the bar and restaurant and had pleasant experiences along with moderately priced , tasty meals/drinks .
as many reviewers have previously noted , the location of the chancellor ca not be beat for just about anything a tourist would want to do in san francisco , particularly shopping and dining .
if we ever return to san francisco ( which i sincerely hope to do , because i fell in love with it ) , there is no way i would stay anywhere other than the chancellor .
thank you !
great location !
we did alot of research before booking this hotel and we were not disappointed .
before , we left i checked the weather and found they were having a mini heat wave and so i was a bit nervous as i knew there was no ac at the hotel , i need not have worried the ceilng fan does more than enough to take the heat away so if that is a worry for you , do not , you do not need ac here ! !the location is wonderful and the staff are very friendly and helpful and the cookies in the lobby are a really lovely touch . i had read the reviews about small rooms and so was suprised to find that the rooms were of standard european size and not small at all to my standards .
there is also plenty of room to store your cases which frees up even more room . we checked in early and were pleased to find our room was already ready for us as well as there being a welcome gift in there for our upcoming wedding .
it was a really wonderful touch and made us feel really special . there was only one drawback of this hotel and that is my new husband is now obsessed with collecting rubber ducks ! ! ! we would definately stay here again !
a pleasure to stay in this hotel we want to add a another positiv review after staying in this hotel for 4 nights in september . we loved this hotel because of the following ( in random order ) :1.
the location : spot on unioin square - cable cars , shopping , china town are all right outside the door2.
the beds : very confortable3.
the quiet room (1106, i think it was - corner room on the 11th floor )4.
the extra storage room5.
sears : just next door , serve the best breakfast - try the 18 swedish pancakes ! ! !6.
transportation : very easy to get other areas of town with the busses that stops near by hotel7.
the internett : pc available for free in the lobby and also wireless internet in room8.
the cute lady in the kiosk in the lobby9.
the cleanliness of the roomwe have no complaints at all !
we hope this hotel make it to the top of the hotel ranking ; - ) 
first class hotel in san francisco just back from a road trip to california , where we started off with four nights in the chancellor hotel . we booked this hotel for four nights based on trip advisor recommendations , and we were not disappointed .
the hotel is an boutique style establishment , and is steps from union square .
it has been commented that the rooms are small , we did not think so , i would say they are of a similar size to european non - chain hotels .
our room was very clean , tidy , and well maintained , the ceiling fan kept the temperature just nice , and with a walk in closet and a very nice bathroom , they are more than adequate . what makes this hotel so good is the staff , they are enthusiastic , polite , and well informed , they make a visitor to the hotel feel so welcome , and nothing seems to much trouble for them .
a special mention must go to yesmie and mao in luques restaurant , they are so cheerful in the morning , they along with the excellent breakfast , made for a great start to the day .
we will return to san francisco in the near future , and we will book into the chancellor again without a shadow of a doubt . well done to wes and all his staff .
pleased with the chancellor hotel i booked the chancellor after a lot of research , including on tripadvisor , and i was pleased with my choice .
i was travelling alone on business , and had struggled to find something within a fairly tight budget range that was in a safe location . i was allowed to check in early , which was hugely appreciated as i 'd arrived from australia and had already seen 1pm twice that day .
my room faced powell street , which is , admittedly , noisy , but it did not stop me sleeping as the bed was so comfy !
the cable cars bells and traffic noise are all part of the atmosphere anyway , although the guy at a hotel down the road with a whistle gets pretty annoying ! the location , as others have noted , is excellent .
i went everywhere ( including out to palo alto and mountain view ) on the bay area 's excellent ( if complicated ) public transport system , which is very good value for money .
the staff at the hotel are generally friendly and helpful , although i did find the woman at the tour desk rather pushy - if you just stick to the buses around the city and avoid the expensive cable cars , you really do not need a muni pass , its cheaper just to buy ordinary transfers . check out at five in the morning was very efficient too .
all in all a good stay .
great hotel ! ! ! my boyfriend and i stayed in the chancellor hotel from 1st - 7th september inclusive .
the hotel is in a fantastic location and has a fantastic service !
all the staff were very friendly and helpful .
the housekeepers did an excellent job every day ! !
the week we stayed was absolutely roasting hot weather , but we did not find having no ac a problem at all .
the ceiling fan was more than sufficient .
the rooms are a bit small , but thats only a minor complaint , as i had done tonnes of shopping and was running out of space to put it towards the end of my stay ! ! ! ! everything about this hotel was excellent .
i would gladly recommend this hotel to any customer , whether young or old ! ! ! thanks to all the staff , especially the housekeepers , for making our stay at the chancellor hotel so memorable .
i left my heart there .
this was our first visit to the usa .
i have been wanting to visit for the last 20 years and never found the time .
this year we took the plunge and went for it .
our first u . s . hotel was the chancellor .
what a way to start a holiday , a lovely hotel with real nice , pleasant and helpful staff .
enjoyed sitting in luque 's bar talking to alicia and watching her pour our beers on her recommendation .
cosy hotel with a great location and have vowed to go back there .
san francisco was superb and we still have a lot to see , we were only there 4 days before flying on to las vegas and ny to complete our holiday .
once again , thank you to all at the chancellor .
diamond in the ruff the chancelor is ideally located , seconds away from union square , and you can catch the trolley to take you to the trains/muni or just walk it , its just blocks away .
the rooms are beautiful and cozy .
the staff is amazingly helpful and accomadating .
the weather in sf makes it unnecessary for ac , an open window was just enough for us . . . and we 're from tx where ac is absolutely necessary !
perfect for a weekend in san francisco chancellor hotel was perfect for a girls shopping weekend in san francisco .
the hotel is really ideally located , on the cable car line and just a few steps from union square .
our room was two twin beds , which was ideal .
although the room was fairly small , a large closet gave us plenty of space for our purchases .
staff was very friendly and helpful and overall we felt like we were in a small , family owned and managed hotel .
location location location i was originally booked into a different hotel when i first started planning this vacation but after checking with ta , i decided to look for another and came across the reviews for the chancellor - on the strength of that , i asked for a change to this hotel .
i have not been disappointed . the location could not be better if you are without a car - i elected not to pick up the hire car until we were due to leave and am glad i did now , like every big city , cars can be as much a hinderance as a help when you are not actually in them ! we had no trouble getting around on public transport , the hotel is so conveniently located , macy 's can be seen across the square , bloomingdale 's down the street maybe 10 mins walk if that . any number of restaurants and bars close by to eat , including the hotel 's own restaurant . some reviewers have mentioned street noise at night - well there is some , our room overlooked powell st .
but it did not bother us at all , certainly no worse than should be expected for somewhere in a central location . the rooms are clean and tidy , ours was small with single beds but more than adequate , hotel staff friendly and helpful . overall , this hotel was just right for our needs and i have no hesitation recommending it - would definitely stay here again .
will definitely go back stayed at this hotel for 3 nights . loved every minute of it . it has everything going for it .
woonderful cosy rooms .
spotless , and well maintained .
perfect location .
food in the restaurant very good because i find food in hotels normally very poor . the staff could not do enough for you .
wes , thank you for the help , i got my canon tele - photo . lens . i travelled from ireland and will def go back but this time i 'll bring my wife and child . the only negative : i ca not get a room for 2 adults and one child .
i want to go back so i enquired . looking
forward to revisiting the chancellor at some time again .
thank for making my trip so pleasant . john 
outstanding hotel we stayed at the chancellor for six nights during the san francisco leg of our honeymoon trip .
i chose it after seeing the great reviews it had on trip advisor , and can only say that it is thoroughly deserving of the praise it has received on here . we stayed in room 1205, up on the twelfth floor , and had lovely views of union square and macy 's .
although i had told them in advance we would be arriving in the evening , about 9pm , i was still a little worried that they might have forgotten and given our room away ; this ended up being totally unfounded , as the reservations and front desk staff were very efficient and had everything noted down perfectly .
they had even noted it was our honeymoon , and congratulated us when we checked in , and we had a lovely little gift waiting for us in our room from them , which was wonderful .
the hotel is very swish , with a pleasant lobby and bar area with marble floors .
our room was great , spotlessly clean , with a lovely comfortable bed .
the cleaning staff were great , as we 'd sometimes only go out for a couple of hours late morning , and by the time we came back the room had always been made up .
the staff on the front desk were really helpful , warm and knowledgeable about the local area .
the hotel 's location is also really good , as you are very close to all the shops of union square , and you can easily get to buses and the metro for travel around the city .
union square is very touristy , so we were pleased to get away to some of the other parts when we were not shopping . there was no air conditioning in the room , but with the ceiling fan we had no problems with temperature at all - although it was quite foggy while we were there , so was never that hot outside .
we also had no problems with noise in the room ; you were too high to be disturbed by any street noise , and you could only hear people outside your room as much as you would in any hotel . i really liked my stay here , and was very very pleased that i chose the chancellor .
i was not sure if you were meant to take the cute rubber ducky home with you from the bathroom , but i did , and he is now a nice reminder of our lovely stay there in my bathroom at home . i would definitely recommend this hotel , and it would be my first choice for any future trip to san francisco .
it is well deserving of its rank on here , and is also a lot cheaper than many of the hotels with similar ratings . thank you chancellor hotel !
just a 5point rating again . . . : ) one of my favorite things about chancellor is that mr wes tyler , general manager keeps responding the reviews .
please do not laugh , but it was a major point i choose this hotel for the first days of our 2 weeks journey in bay area .
and it was a really good choice .
the hotel is located right in the heart of the city , a great starting point for your walking tours on the streets of san francisco . the people at the front desk are very helpful and friendly .
we asked for a room at the highest floor available at arriving .
we had a backyard view we were not interested in as we used the room only for sleeping .
the room was very clean and tasteful equipped ; we just loved the calming green and beige/brown colors .
and the pillows smelled great ! the ??ery - best? ? was the breakfast at the chancellor , especially our waiter .
it is a shame but i don?? remember his name .
he was always smiling and friendly talking to us even if he had to run .
he knew from the second day on how my boyfriend likes his coffee and took care the pancakes have just the right temperature when arriving at our table .
thank you ! we would definitely stay at chancellor next time .
very comfortable , great location the chancellor hotel is a wonderful old hotel that we thouroughly enjoyed staying at for 6 nights .
it is in a great location in union square on powell street , there is a cable car stop just outside the door , muni is only a quick couple blocks away .
and if you like to shop , all the big , fashionable stores are at union square !
the rooms are not large , but they were certainly big enough for two of us and our luggage ( we stayed in two different rooms ) .
the second room we had was on the 4th floor overlooking busy powell street but the hotel had a white noise machine we could use .
they have free cookies , popcorn , and fruit in the lobby and a computer we could use .
if you like a hotel bar , they have one but it is not very large .
overall , an excellent stay and excellent service helping us with arranging tours and transportation .
they also have a pillow menu where you can select up to two different types of pillows to try : ) 
one of the best looked at your reviews for hotels in san francisco .
i liked what i saw concerning this property , you hit the nail on the head !
great location .
great hotel ( european style boutique ) .
extremely patient and helpful staff . knowledgable front desk and bell staff .
really a perfect 10.
outstanding hotel , outstanding staff .
like in many big cities , finding a comfortable and decently pricedhotel in the downtown of san francisco can bea unsurmountable challenge .
after reading all the good reviews on tripadvisor we decided to try the chancellor and we now have found our home away from home in sf . my wife and i booked a 4 night stay from the hotel website .
they had a special for stays of 3 nights or more which made it a real bargain . we flew into sfo and took a cab to the hotel .
as soon as our cab pulled up in front of the hotel we were greeted warmly by martin , the hotel bellman , who took care of our bags .
we got to the hotel before check - in time and were prepared tohave to wait , however , the room was ready and check - in wasa breeze .
when we made the reservation we had requested aquiet , mid floor , room and that 's what we got .
we went up to the room on the 7th floor and a couple of minutes later martin showed up at our door with our luggage .
martin notonly brought our suitcase into the room but he set them up onthe luggage stands and showed us where everything was . martin was so genuinely warm and welcoming that we knew we had made the right choice by staying at the chancellor . the room was wonderful , with a queen bed , two armchairs and a coffee table .
it had a large walking closet so overall i would notdescribe it as small .
the room was tastefully decorated and very comfortable .
once thing that impressed me was that although the hotel is right on powell street , one of the majorarteries of downtown sf , and a stone 's throw away from busy union square , our room was indeed quiet and we slept like babiesat night , despite leaving the window open . the room had wireless internet which worked flawlesslyand we even had a pillow menu which allows you to ordervarious types of pillows .
the bathroom was very nice with one annoying little thing . the toilet is smaller than usual .
what 's odd is thatthere is actually plenty of room for a bigger one .
since the rooms have recently been renovated i was wondering if the toiletis a remnant of an old bathroom layout where the door clearancerequired such a small design .
it would be nice if the toilets werereplaced .
this being said , it 's manageable even for a 6'5 blokelike me . there 's a restaurant ( luques ) on the ground floor of the hotel . we had breakfast there one morning and the food was verygood .
very conveniently , the hotel lobby has a booth were you can get information on tours , book tickets for various attractions , buy stamps , etc . . .
we bought our muni passes there .
the passesallow you to use the buses , metro and the famous cable carsfor 3 or 7 days .
note that there is a cable car stop right in frontof the hotel .
in fact , if you do not mind standing up in the cable car you are probably better off catching a ride in front of the hotelrather than queuing for ages at the bottom of powell street . this is actually a general tip .
cable cars are never filled up to their max capacity at the first stop of the lines .
i guess that 'sto allow other people to hop in along the way .
therefore , if you are traveling from powell st or fisherman 'swharf which seem to always be crowded , just walk to the nextcable car stop and you should be able to hop in on the nextcar . both metro and bart are a short walk away from the hotel .
on ourlast day we rented a car and that evening we decided to use thevalet parking service .
we parked the car in front of the hotel ( thereis not much room to park on powell st so if you ca not find a spotjust drive around the block until there 's an opening ) , left the keyswith reception and they took care of everything .
we paid around30 dollars which compared to what some of the other hotels around charge for parking is a rather good price .
there is alsothe option of parking the car yourself for a smaller cost . we checked out the next morning .
we had arranged with the front desk to have our car delivered at the time of our check - out . the valet brought the car over but there were not free spots on powell ( you cannot double park because of the cable cars ) so he had to circle the block a couple of times .
a couple of hotel staffeven went out on the street and started regulating the traffic infront of the hotel so that our car could be parked . this is an ideal hotel for a romantic getaway or a businesstrip to sf .
if you are traveling with small children , however , you might want to look for another location because , as thehotel website states , it is not recommended to have morethan 2 people per room .
incidentally , the hotel website isvery well designed and you can download a very complete list of room features and hotel amenities that should help you indeciding if this hotel is for you .
also , do not forget to check outthe specials on the website for some very good deals . we really had a fabulous stay at the chancellor .
while we were there my wife and i really felt at home and not in somehotel room .
in an age where customer service is often littleless than a afterthought , the chancellor shines by the genuinewarmth and professionalism of its staff .
from the bellman and the front desk , to the chambermaid and the maintenance people , everyone we met at the hotel was great . this is probably the real secret to the chancellor , its people . you really get a sense of a team working together to pleasethe guests .
we love sf but we loved it even more with the chancellor . there 's only one problem with this hotel .
you will be sad to leave it .
great hotel in heart of union square this is a great hotel right in the middle of san francisco .
the staff is very helpful .
the rooms are clean and well furnished .
besides our bed at home the bed at the chancellor is one of the most comfortable that i 've ever slept on .
my only complaint is that the walls seem a little thin .
we could hear the people next door watching tv .
the powell cable car is right in front of the hotel .
shopping and restaurants are a stone throw away .
the restaurant in the hotel is great for breakfast .
the staff there are extremely helpful .
i 'd recommend this hotel to anyone .
fantastic hotel this was our first trip to san francisco and we were delighted with this hotel .
the location is perfect , it is so close to the shops and a cable car runs right past the front door !
the room had modern decor , the bed was really comfy and it even had a jar of sweets in the room - nice touch !
another great touch was the coffee/tea/cookies/apples available in the lobby .
the staff were very friendly and helpful and overall this hotel was great value for money .
we would definitely recommend it and hope to stay there again ourselves .
great experience i stayed at the chancellor last year over labor day .
first off the location is perfect for doing all the things one would want to do in san fran .
the best part is the the rail is right by the hotel so if your like me and dont like to spend money on cabs it 's perfect . the saff was great , and helped out with booking a car for a day , and always made sure the room was clean .
the staff also booked my activities as well . the room was clean and if i didnt know any better i would think this hotel would charge alot more than they do .
price was great compared to others in the same area that arent as nice . i am going back this labor day was well ! !overall this hotel is a perfect fit for anyone wanting all the above ! great experience ! !
excellent city base for san francisco what a great hotel !
before we travelled i e - mailed the manager ( wes tyler ) with a request and also mentioned that we were there for a special occasion .
he organised my request and also arranged a surprise gift for us !
where else would you get service like that ? from the time we arrived we felt welcome and the staff were very professional and friendly .
i do not remember their names to mention but i do remember rory on reception because he is from ireland . one of the best things about this hotel is the coffee , tea and cookies in the lobby which are available all day .
this makes a big difference if you just want a quick refreshing cup of coffee at any stage during the day .
there are also apples in the lobby but make sure you finish eating them before stepping on the cable car as you are not allowed eat on them . the location of the hotel is first class as it is at union square and the cable car stops right outside .
you can walk to all the shops , visit the visitors information centre on the square where you can buy a three day travel pass for $18 and the train station is just down the road . our bedroom was great and the ceiling fan was efficient at keeping the room cool .
it was not as big as the rooms you would get out of town but it is certainly a good size for a city centre hotel . wes , if you read this review you will realise that we appreciate all the hard work you and all your well trained staff do to keep their guests happy .
loved this hotel this hotel was perfect for us .
we stayed 4 nights with our two teenagers on 15th floor .
the location , the service , the value and the atmosphere were just perfect .
we did not need air con and loved hearing the city wake up and go to sleep .
even though you are right next to union square we did not find it noisy . the trams stop outside the hotel ( but are very busy going north during mornings and south during evenings ) , a muni card is worth getting as the trams are $5 per ride and sf has great public transport system 
absolutely fantastic hotel !
the chancellor hotel is the best in san francisco !
i stayed there for 3 days at the end of june , and absolutely loved it !
the location is perfect , right on union square with great transport links to everywhere else in the city .
we had the corner room on the 13th floor , so i am not sure if it was a bit larger than usual but it was a great size .
the bed is one of the most comfortable beds i have found in a hotel with duvets instead of the usual blanket .
we also got a good recommendation from the front desk for a pizza place two blocks north of the hotel called uncle vito 's .
not much to look at from the outside , but great pizza ! i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone , it feels stylish and boutiquey whilst being in the centre of the city and best of all at a good price !
what more could one ask for ?
great hotel this hotel is just excellent ! ! location is perfect , the rooms were nice and clean .
and the hotel staff is so friendly and helpful .
i was really impressed about how service minded they were !
my friends and i stayed for 4 nights and had nothing to complain about .
i will definately book chancellor for my next stay in sf ! : ) 
great location we had a great 3 days at this hotel at the start of our holiday .
when we checked in ( very efficient ) we were told we had the best room - we did ! ! top floor with a view of union square .
the room was excellent , the staff were so friendly and helpful and nothing was any trouble .
coffee and cookies on tap all day .
sfo was having a heatwave at the time but we did not find this to be a problem at all - a fan was available if we wanted it .
housekeeping was always good .
the hotel could not be faulted and we would stay here again without a doubt .
a great hotel in a great city .
a gem my two children and i stayed at the chancellor for four nights this month during a two week road trip from south carolina to san francisco .
i had read the reviews and chose the chancellor because of location primarily .
we were checking in after three nights in the bellagio in las vegas so i was not sure about how the kids would react after all of the flash and grandiosity of the previous hotel but they loved the chancellor as did i for several reasons .
first , of course location , location , location .
so close to great eats ( sears was awesome for dinner and breakfast ) , great shopping , parking ( reasonable ) , drug stores , transportation whether you want a quick ride to the wharf on the f line or a thrilling ride on the cable car .
it was warm in sf when we were there but we opened the windows and everything was fine with very little noise .
because the hotel is small and we saw the same employees ( who would quickly recognize us ) over and over again , the children were able to be a little more autonomous than usual so they were allowed to go downstairs alone to get the complimentary popcorn , apples , and cookies .
my son used the ethernet connections in the lounge with me in the evenings and everyone was so friendly to him .
my debit card was lost at one point and i called the front desk to ask about the location of a wachovia bank in sf .
they called around and found one that was open that day , a saturday , called the bank to confirm the hours , mapquested the directions , highlighted the route and sent me on my happy way .
i think that the age and size of the hotel give it a unique and friendly feeling that really makes you feel a part of sf .
my 10 year old daughter took the yellow duck she was given at the chancellor into every hotel pool we visited on our way home .
i watched as it floated around as she was playing and on several occasions adults picked it up and read the inscription on it and asked my daughter about it and that began a lengthy and colorful conversation about her awesome trip to sf and her stay at the chancellor .
thanks wes .
loved this old hotel that has some smart touches and tries extra hard !
we recently had a 4- night stay at the chancellor and it was one of our best hotel stays ever !
first , as a family of four , we knew we are not the ideal customer for the chancellor , which only has small queen or twin/twin combination rooms .
but the location , service , parking option , and price were right so we went for it .
the central location just off union square and on the cable car line is perfect . our visit did not get off on the great start because a really expensive two - bottle pack of wine ( from our sonoma valley winery visit ) was inadvertently left on the sidewalk outside .
matt apparently got everything except for the wine and we did not notice until we were in the room .
it was just as much our fault for not making sure we had everything before we headed up .
well , by the time we realized the wine was missing , somebody was probably already enjoying some great wine ! with all that said , matt was friendly , helpful and informative ( and later apologetic about the wine ) .
check - in was very smooth .
the hotel uses a parking garage a block over and , with the in - out privileges , it was very convenient whenever we needed to drive somewhere .
another nice thing is that the chancellor lets you leave your car in front of the hotel while you check - in and get your stuff upstairs . as other reviewers have already pointed out ( and we well knew ) , the rooms are on the small side and do not have ac .
however , the high ceilings make the room feel bigger and the ceiling fan helps cool the room even though we were in sf during an unusually warm week .
despite the tight space , we packed our family of four in and still managed just fine .
one unique thing about the chancellor 's rooms are that they each have a small walk - in closet .
my 7 year old son liked sleeping on the closet floor so we all had enough room to sleep and get around !
the beds were comfortable and we all slept well .
the room had nice little touches like free candies , wi - fi access and an in - room safe .
and unlike the vast majority of hotels who ca not be bothered with it , they recycle !
also , we liked the fact that they only launder and replace towels that you place on the floor , and not all towels each day .
on the downside , there was a step up into the bathroom that could pose a tripping hazard , the toilets are very loud ( loud enough to be heard in adjacent rooms at night ) and there was no refrigerator .
also , our third - floor room only had a view of the back of an adjacent building 10 feet away .
we forgot to ask for a view .
oh well . . . .what separates this hotel from the average is the exceptional staff and thoughtful touches around the hotel .
everyone we encountered was very helpful and friendly .
cookies , fresh fruit , coffee , iced tea and ice water were plentiful in the lobby/bar area . we had breakfast at the hotel restaurant , luques , several mornings , and we enjoyed the pancakes , waffles and french toast ! overall , it was a great stay !
outstanding hotel !
we were a group of five women who had a top - notch experience at the chancellor from start to finish .
our rooms were cozy , charming , spotless and , per our requests , close to each other .
we loved the cafe downstairs for breakfast ( yes , it really is the best eggs benedict in san francisco ! ) and the lobby bar was delightful .
the hotel felt like the perfect hybrid of new york chic and west coast cool ! the location is fantastic , the cost reasonable and most of all the service is excellent .
all of the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful and provided top service for our entire stay . definitely contact the chancellor if you are staying in sf .
i loved everything about it !
it bears repeating - this is a great hotel i know there are many , many reviews on tripadvisor that describe this hotel .
let me just add my ditto to all the comments . my reservation indicated that i received a recently remodeled room on one of the higher floors .
it was a very nice hotel room in every respect .
fabulous bedding .
the location is right in the middle of things - could not be better .
great hotel we stayed at the chancellor for the first 2 nights of our honeymoon and found it to be excellent .
the location is fantastic and the room was charming .
we do not understand why some people complain about the size of the rooms .
there was lots of hanging space in a walk in closet for clothes and also drawers , how much more room do you need for a holiday ? !
all the staff we met were really helpful and friendly , even when we popped in during our 8 hour stopover on the way home when we were no longer guests . i would definitely recommend this hotel and already have !
perfect ! what a pleasant place to stay ! immaculately clean room with an extremely comfortable bed .
and how refreshing ( literally ! ) to stay in a hotel with windows that open letting in fresh air .
i 've paid far more to stay in sf at places that were not half as nice .
nice and quiet too - never heard any noise from within and the bells clanging below as the cable cars rumbled by were very soothing . the chancellor also holds my personal record for the quickest check - in .
straight up the desk and checked in the most polite fashion in no more than two minutes . very convenient location too - union square is just across the street , the cable cars stop right outside and it 's just a few minutes stroll to the stores of downtown .
charming and convenient we enjoyed our 3 day stay at the chancellor , a saturday through tuesday stay .
this was our second visit but they had redecorated since the previous time .
we chose it for its convenience and reasonable prices .
we liked being in union square and close to everything .
although our room faced powell street and the trolley , the window was pretty effective in shutting out the noise .
the hotel room was very nice with pretty decor , attractive bed linens , and comfortable pillows .
i thought it was charming that warm cookies were at the hotel desk when we checked in at 4:00 and a little later fresh popcorm was available near the bar .
the discount coupons for the bar and the restaurant were a nice touch .
the desk staff and the bellmen were delightful and efficient .
one of our breakfasts was at sears next door , which is known for its small size pancakes .
we would definitely return to the chancellor .
excellent stay - a rare find in the heart of sf .
what a wonderful hotel !
great location , best price , excellent value .
the standard rooms are very clean and well appointed , and the beds are very comfortable - best sleep i 've gotten at a hotel in years !
additionally , the staff is amazingly helpful and courteous .
parking is a problem , as it always is in downtown sf , and the parking structure for the hotel is a block away .
however , the hotel staff made the whole experience much easier with helpful directions and allowed my car to remain parked in front of the hotel until after the bellman brought all luggage up to my room and i got settled .
additionally , the hotel staff gave me directions everywhere i wanted to go , hailed cabs for me , and allowed me to use their computer and printer at no additional cost .
also , because they do not serve dinner in the restaurant sunday through tuesday , they suggested i get take out from next door at sears , printed out an online menu for me to order from , and suggested i eat in their bar , where i would be most comfortable and could use my laptop .
oh by the way , the hotel offers free wifi access to all guests , in rooms , lobby and bar of the hotel .
what a great experience !
i would definately stay here again !
great hotel having read many excellent reviews on trip adviser before booking , we decided on the chancellor - we liked that it was an older and smaller hotel than some .
we also liked the evident interest the manager takes in the reviews written on the hotel - we can only assume he acts on anything which is pointed out if at all possible . after a long journey from ireland , we were greeted by a friendly irish manager at reception and efficiently checked in .
the bellman , matthew i think , was lovely and clearly loved to work there - always a good sign .
he talked well about other staff and management and how long some had been with the hotel .
he gave us helpful information on the area .
we had a wonderful breakfast one morning - beautifully presented , and served by two lovely asian staff .
the room was cozy and spotless .
we had asked for a room high up and quiet and our request was honoured .
we thought the complimentary coffee in the lobby was a lovely touch . the location couldnt have been better - we were able to either take buses , trolley or walk to fishermans wharf . we thought the value was excellent for a stay in a major city in a downtown hotel . we had been in sf before but would definitely stay in the chancellor every time from now on .
it was homey in a way which you 'd expect from a family run b  b in ireland !
great to find it in a hotel too .
thanks chancellor .
a gem ! i am so happy i consulted trip advisor before i booked this hotel last minute .
it is in such a great location in union square , right next door to sears - - a wondeful breakfast spot ; rooms remind me of an old nyc apartment .
so nice and tastefully done .
modernized for today 's comfort but not modern .
the old touches are still preserved .
i ca not say enough good things .
staff was very helpful .
would definitely recommend and stay again on our next visit to san francisco .
unbeatable location and service we had a lovely 9 night stay at the chancellor in may , thanks to tripadvisor 's accurate guest reviews .
thank you chancellor staff , you 're the best !
everything we were looking for in a smaller intimate hotel , about 100 years old : location , location , location , fine service , a charming place for an anniversary trip .
we were also in sf for a family wedding at the ritzy st francis across the street .
after studying the different union square hotels , we emailed the most promising , requesting a special extended stay quote , and then wrote the chancellor , asking could they improve on the best offer received , which they did .
we were able to stay for 9 nights for less than $1,500.
they even had a card  anniversary gift for us .
my son and daughter in law also reserved for a shorter stay .
they were also delighted  kept saying what a charming hotel ( how did you ever find such a gem ? ) .
all in all , it was better than we had anticipated .
kudos to the fine staff , who responded promptly  courteously , even providing a small fridge on request .
susan , who effortlessly handles gift shop and concierge duties , arranged for terrific sightseeing trips : wine country , the redwood forest , monterey and carmel , yosemite natl park , city sightseeing .
we saved so much money on accomodations , we were able to do it all .
airport shuttle is just $14.
( do not forget sf can be chilly  windy even in august .
dress in layers , and enjoy . )
recommended ( this was a father/son get - away , booked by mom , reviewed by son , and entered by mom ! ) i found this hotel through t/a and choose it based on reviews .
the first morning they were there , i received praise from both saying much they liked it , and that i had made a great choice .
these guys were so impressed with the architecture , the rooms and the staff .
comments on the beds were positive - soft and nicely appointed .
views from the 13th floor were great .
they were never hot .
the days were pleasant ; nights cool .
they slept with the window open , with no noise from outside .
the bathroom was not roomy , but served the purpose .
( this room sounds much like a very special hotel we stayed in on a trip to edinburgh , scotland ; small but tasteful . )
we are so spoiled in this country by mega - motels , and they are nice for certain purposes , but when you want a comfy bed in a stylish environment , at a reasonable price , in a great city , the chancellor fits the bill . the location was perfect - much better than the tourist trap of the wharf .
the staff was so helpful and friendly .
they did not eat in the hotel , so ca not comment on dining .
( a great coffee bar around the corner was cafe la taza , and for fine ( $$$$ ) dining they went to farallon , and had a spectacular meal . )
the guys thank ya 'll for a great weekend , wes and staff !
great place - what a value !
we picked all of our hotels based on tripadvisor reviews and this one was the best !
the chancellor is in a perfect location ( unless you want to avoid shopping which is plentiful here ) for all san fran travel .
tons of food nearby , starbucks across the street if that 's your thing .
the staff were great - saved us a place to unload , gave great directions to avoid horrible uphill climbs and were generally really pleasant .
the cookies , always available tea/coffee and candy were a nice bonus .
the rooms are smaller than some - but we do not spend much time in a room when we travel .
the beds are super comfy and the room is well decorated .
water pressure and temp were good - often hit or miss in larger hotels .
so glad we stayed here and will definately return .
second time around - even better !
this was the second time we have stayed at the chancellor , the first being in 2006.
the rooms have been refurbished since our last stay which is lovely but we were more than pleased to find the service and staff had not changed . . . they were as attentive , professional and as helpfull as ever .
the chancellor truly is the place to stay in sf .
best location , best price , best staff and best cookies !
. . . . we will be back again ! !
great hotel in a great city !
after much deliberation and going through the reviews on ta we decided upon the chancellor and glad to say we weren?? disappointed .
we decided that the union square area was more suited to us as there was only myself and girlfriend travelling .
the chancellor exceeded our expectations within 10 seconds of check in as we were upgraded for free to a suite , which had two full separate bathrooms , separate living room , fridge , and the all important tea and coffee making facilities .
we had requested a room on a high floor with a nice view if possible our suite didn?? have a view so perhaps they we unable to give us a normal room with a view so they bumped us up to the suite ?
this was just my thinking anyhow and i?? have taken the suite over a view anyhow ! !
we have very little interaction with hotel staff in general unless we have a problem - we had no problems in the chancellor so our interactions were limited although all the staff were warm and friendly from the cleaners to the front desk staff .
we booked our wine country tour via the tour desk in the lobby and our return transport to the airport she was very helpful .
with our upgrade i can?? offer insight into the normal rooms but the suite was probably decorated as the un - refurbished rooms from the website my girlfriend preferred the look of the older rooms anyhow .
there isn?? really allot i can add from previous reviews - the location is excellent with plenty of dinning options and everything you?? need in and about union square .
to me the only problems people seem to have with the chancellor are caused by them not doing their research !
the chancellor is a charming well presented boutique hotel with great service , it doesn?? pretend to be luxurious or fancy and their rates reflect this ! it?? a shame that the chancellor and san francisco are on the other side of the world from us otherwise we?? return sooner rather than later !
great hotel that i wouldn?? hesitate recommending to anyone .
perfect chancellor booked the chancellor after reading all the good reviews on trip advisor and they were spot on .
this was the first of seven hotels we stayed at on our california trip .
arrived , with my husband and thirteen year old daughter after a long flight and were checked in quickly and efficiently .
as requested we had inter - connecting rooms numbers 1302 and 1303.
we were very happy with the space we had and slept well on particularly comfortable beds .
we had a view of union square and maceys , the latter being of particular importance to my daughter !
as was the free supply of popcorn available in the lobby !
great breakfast choice and smiling helpful staff .
for dinner , scala 's bistro is directly opposite , where the steak is superb .
the location of the hotel is excellent . the cable cars run directly outside the hotel and you can get an open top tour bus from outside maceys .
we had a fantastic time in san francisco and if we were lucky enough to return would definitely stay at the chancellor .
great location this hotel is a great find .
right in the centre of san francisco in union square , close to all the shops and attractions , with the cable car stop outside the door , and not that expensive .
our room was very nice , a bit small , but who cares , we did not spend much time there and it had everything we needed .
nice en suite bathroom , wardrobe , iron , ironing board ( so useful ) tv , hairdryer and all the usual stuff .
the bed was very comfortable , slept so well .
note that this hotel is not air conditioned .
we were there in april so this was not a problem .
reception were super efficient .
ordered a taxi for us and as we walked into reception were told you 're all checked out , no problem , and your taxi is outside - seamless !
we did not sample the breakfast in the restaurant so ca not speak for that , it was not included in the price , and we found a great place round the corner .
there is also a great place next door but we could not get in - long queues .
overall , this is a great hotel for tourists on a budget who want somewhere decent and central to stay .
definitely recommended .
just the best ! ! well , i had read the reviews and booked and then got scared in case the superlatives were hyped up and it was not the place to be .
did not need to worry .
just great service and great location .
i would welcome staying there again and would recommend it to all . the service is excellent be it reception the tour desk the bellman the bar etc etc .
all take time to be helpful and interested which goes a long way to make the trip not only enjoyable but memorable . thank you to all at the chancellor ! ! see you again soon i hope . . . .
loved the chancellor have just returned from 2 short stays (2 and 3 days ) pre and post cruise at the chancellor .
we booked this hotel based on the good reviews .
i would not normally risk a 3 star hotel but the chancellor was fabulous .
the room was big enough for us , very clean and comfortable .
the service was excellent , the restaurant for breakfast and lunch was very good .
the extras were great cookies and coffee available all day , popcorn in the evening , vouchers for discounted drinks and restaurant , pillow menu and a welcoming gift as we were celebrating an anniversary . the location could not be bettered as it is so convenient for transport and shopping , bars , restaurants etc .
this hotel is a credit to the manager as it really cannot be faulted .
excellent value for money .
we loved san francisco and should we ever visit in future , we will not bother looking at other hotels = the chancellor is the one for us .
really liked the chancelllor !
we stayed at the chancellor hotel for 3 nights in april 2008 and found it to be everything that the reviews promised .
great staff at desk , good b/f in restaurant , great location , tea/coffee in foyer , internet , rooms that have everything you could need incl .
ironing board etc .
would definitely go there again .
love the chancellor we have stayed at many hotels in union square and prefer boutique style properties for the character , charm , history and more personalized service they can offer . the chancellor has all of that and much , much more . the management and staff here are not only efficient in their job but give that little bit extra and always with a relaxed and friendly smile .
nothing was too much trouble with any of the staff we encountered .
i cannot remember everyones name but steve and rory on the front desk , susan at the tour desk , yuko and mao all were great . apart from all the above the hotel is in an absolutely perfect location on union square and all the rooms have been recently refurbished .
the amenities in each room are all you need and although the rooms are on the smaller side being an historic hotel i really do not think they are all that bad .
i have encountered rooms in europe and asia a lot smaller . i would urge anyone staying at the chancellor in future to use the restaurant . breakfasts here are the equal ( my wife says better ) than other well promoted places nearby and i know you will not get the excellent service with a smile we got from mao each time .
that 's an added extra at no cost . what else can i say . this is a great little hotel in a great city . do yourself a favour and give it a try and i guarantee you will be back . i know we will .
chancellor hotel , san francisco - -excellent ! i stayed at the chancellor for two nights , and i was very impressed .
the location is perfect , the rates are highly competitive , the rooms are nicely decorated and spotless , and the staff are extremely friendly and helpful . i loved the extra touches , like the candy dish in the room and the rubber ducky for the bath .
when i got to the airport after checking out , i realized that i had left my jacket in my room .
i called the hotel , and they fedexed it to me with no problem . i can say with confidence that whenever i come back to sf , i will stay at the chancellor , and i 'm recommending it to friends and colleagues .
great hotel , great locations we stayed here recently .
while the room was slightly small , it was spotlessly clean and given a thorough service every day , which is very important to us .
the pillowmenu is a nice novelty touch , if not adding uch overall to the stay . the location simply could not be better with all of the shops of the union square area within spitting ( or walking distance ) .
i would recommend this without hesitation for anyone looking for a very reasonable priced hotel in sf .
great hotel i am writing this review late but i wanted to put my positive review up here so this lovely hotel gets the credit it deserves .
we also booked our stay at the chancellor based on the reviews in trip advisor and i must say it lived up to all expectations .
i contacted wes tyler via e - mail during the holiday weeks to make a reservation .
he was very helpful and made the process quite easy .
in addition , he was kind enough to extend a special the hotel was running for an additional day , making this stay a tremendous value .
in terms of the hotel itself , our room was beautifully decorated and quite comfortable .
i do not look for large hotel rooms when i travel because i am not traveling to san francisco to stay in a hotel room the entire time ; i am there to see the city .
that being said the rooms are clean and the hotel is well maintained .
in addition , the location of this hotel is perfect .
it is easily accessible to public transportation leading all over the city and to the airport .
the hotel staff is very nice and there are some very nice touches that they include .
the hotel provides an umbrella for your use , it was in our closet .
since it rained almost every day we were in the city this was greatly appreciated .
they have fresh coffee and cookies ( really good cookies ! ) all day and offered apples and muffins in the morning .
they have two computers in the lobby that guest can utilize .
my husband inquired about a firm pillow and was given a list of several different types of pillows that he could choose from .
when we returned from our outing his pillows were in the room .
finally , the rubber ducky in the bathroom is a cute touch . we enjoyed our stay and we were impressed by all this hotel had to offer for such a great rate .
we would certainly stay here again .
beleive the hype the chancellor hotel comes highly recommended .
the staff were friendly and approachable .
the location ca not be beaten - close to train , tram , bus and of course the cable car . the room was very similar to that on their website .
it was clean , comfortable and quiet considering the location . it made an excellent base for exploring sf .
would definitely use again if lucky enough to return to sf .
it grew on me when i first got to the property i was a little shocked at how old everything looked .
it looked like some run down motel .
we had come in at 2 in the morning , had just mistakenly driven thorugh the tenderloin and it was friday night .
the area was hopping with clubs and drunken teenagers .
needless to say we were a bit put off thinking it was gonna be like a seedy place . but then we realized . . . during the day totally different experience .
service was great , the hotel is a historic building and really refined .
the place next door has the best breakfasts , its in the middle of all the shops , parking was cheap compared to the rest of the city .
the room was clean , the tub was nice and big for a bath , the bed and sheets were comfy .
there are some great bars on sutter just 2 blocks away .
and the value !
i would definitely stay there again .
only thing is there is no ac .
san francisco is never really hot but when we went it got up to 85 degrees .
it was ok though the room stayed relatively cool , plus not having an ac is soooo sustainable like everything in sf . stay at chancellor .
best bang for your buck .
good choice very nice hotel .
the location was excellent , it was reasonably priced , and the staff was excellent .
i will return on my next san fran trip .
better than expected ! !
we just got back last night from sf where we stayed 4 days at the chancellor hotel and loved the accommodations ! ! !
after reading many reviews on ta we were prepared and knew some of what to expect .
once we got there , our room was not as small as we expected !
we compared the hotel to being on a cruise ship - and actually the cruiseship rooms are smaller than ours was - no big deal .
the beds were , yes , so comfortable and fluffy - my husband wants to buy sheets like theirs now : ) and every person part of the chancellor staff was so friendly and answered our endless amount of questions .
we will definitely stay here again ! ! !
loved the chancellor !
we stayed one night at the chancellor and enjoyed the great location , access to the trolley , room , and delicious breakfast .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
our room , located on the backside , was very quiet while our friends ' room , located on the front side , was noisy with trash trucks visiting at various time during the night .
try and request a room off the street .
check the website for specials .
the chancellor is a great value and lived up to its reputation on tripadvisor .
prime location  my girlfriend found the chancellor through tripadvisor , and after looking at a few other places , she and i decided this was the place for us .
after our stay in late march , early april , we are not disappointed .
the hotel was clean , the staff was nice ( willing to help with whatever we asked - be it directions , advice , etc ) , and the location is excellent for access to the cable cars , buses , chinatown , the financial district , and of course , union square .
there is a coffee shop next door , and a walgreens just up the block .
we bought our muni pass at the desk ( the 3 day pass was the best for us ) .
the rooms are small , but not tight .
you have a large closet , a comfortable bed , and you can even pick from a number of pillow types ( down , fiber , poly , buckwheat , bead , etc ) at no extra cost ( i 've never seen this before - and it was a nice feature ) .
we could not get the internet to work for us , but that was not really an issue since 1) we did not need to get online much and 2) they have a computer/printer in the lobby for your use .
the staff worked to get our computer up and running on their wireless ( and would have done more if we had wanted ) .
all in all , the cost of the hotel is not the cheapest in town , but the value is very high due to location , amenities , and the overall price - point of everything in sf .
if we do not stay here again , it would only be because we wanted to try another part of town - we have no complaints about the hotel .
chancellor - why go anywhere else ? overall - great for location , staff efficiency and friendliness , price and convenience .
would we recommend it ?
- yes - i can see no reason to stay anywhere else .
in fact we have already passed on the details to friends and family who will be there next month .
why did we choose the chancellor ?
? ? from the great reviews on trip advisor . the details of our stay . . . . we had a 5 day stay at the chancellor hotel in march 2008 - 3 days before we left for las vegas/grand canyon and 2 days on our return .
the location and the service were first class - - we had front rooms on both occasions and it was just magic to be able to hear the sf cable cars as they passed within a few feet on the hotel - there is a stop in both directions just steps from the door - making it easy to get to fisherman?? wharf etc .
the rooms might be on the smallish side ? ? but we did not intend to stay in the rooms for long and we knew this beforehand from previous reviews .
some nice toiletries in the bathrom saved us buying when we got there , although there was a wallgreens just 2 minutes away which stocked anything a visitor could need , we had great views of union square - with macy 's and the levis store about 4 minutes away .
down on market (10 minutes walk downhill or 4 mins .
on the cable car ) was a huge mall with all the usual us stores - - a great place to exercise your credit card ! the staff were unbelievable - - because we were on a 5- hour city tour when we needed to check in on - line for our swa flight to lv - shamina on the front desk did all this work for us and our boarding passes were at the desk when we returned that evening and she also checked our final flight time home with the airport a few days later , and changed the time of a lorries shuttle pick - up for us .
thank you shamina .
we were able to leave a bag in the hotel while we flew east and picked it up on our return - - very handy as it saved us carrying too much weight on the internal flight .
also as it was my birthday when there - wes tyler had arranged for a bottle of champagne and a gift in the room - thank you wes !
the convenience of having the restaurant on the ground floor for a large us breakfast and the bar in the evening for aperitifs was great .
the bar closes early but we were able to stop on walk home from dinner for our nightcaps !
muni passes can be bought from suzie in the lobby and there is an atm machine in the lobby too .
we bought our last two lorries shuttle vouchers from suzie too . thank you to all at the chancellor and yes ? ? we will be back !
great hotel in a great location we really enjoyed our stay at the chancellor .
the staff was superb .
the rooms are not very large ( as one would expect for a classic hotel of this age ) , but they are clean and modernized - more than enough room for people who want to enjoy sf by day and only need a comfortable place to relax and sleep .
the only real complaint is that the bathrooms are small and hard to accommodate two people getting ready at once .
but the ambiance , and more importantly the friendly , attentive , courteous staff make up for any of it 's few shortcomings . the following warning does not reflect in any way the chancellor hotel : san francisco is a wonderful place full of adventure and history but there is a professional criminal element alive and well .
my wife was pick pocketed during our stay on one of the cable car stops .
it was a professional set up involving multiple people and was executed with perfection .
the san francisco police will not respond to a non - violent crime , so they are free to operate unabated .
we had to fill out a police report online !
so please be careful , as this completely ruined our stay and really turned our opinion about this seemingly wonderful city .
loved the chancellor hotel my wife and i stayed at the chancellor hotel for 3 nights and loved it .
excellant location on union square .
staff were great .
food at luques resturant inside the hotel was great .
love this place !
we stayed in this hotel for three nights over easter weekend .
we were traveling with our older teenagers and college aged son and needed three rooms .
the price was incredible !
check their website for deals !
total for all three rooms combined averaged about $450 each night .
the off site parking ( around the block ) was $22/day .
we booked two rooms with 2 twin beds and one room with a queen bed .
the rooms are on the small side and the bathrooms are small .
the furnishings are very nice as is the decor in the rooms .
not dingy or dirty but extremely clean , bright and on the newer side .
if you want a hotel that is upscale and do not mind the small rooms ( we were hardly in them ) .
this is the place !
you absolutely cannot beat the price or location .
if you want a view , you need to ask .
some of the rooms in the back do not have great views , but we were on the 12th floor and our window looked out towards union square .
i would recommend it for a shopping/dining getaway weekend ( save your money for shopping and dining . )
this is a great find .
we 've stayed at the westin st . francis and stanford court before ( without kids ) and i would stay here again without them .
i do not believe the rooms have air conditioning , but there were ceiling fans in the rooms and there are not many times you need a/c in san francisco any way ! ! ! give it a try ! wow !
you did it again , wes ! ! ! wes , you are the man !
you have to be the best general manager of a hotel property in the country !
you and your staff are absolutely the greatest .
for those of you reading this review - -stay at the chancellor when you visit sf - - - do not waste your time looking at other properties .
you want convenience ?
you 'll be right in the middle of the union square action , literally less than 50 feet from a cable car stop .
you want value ?
at the chancellor , you 'll pay less than half of what you 'd pay at most of the places around the square .
you want a competent staff ?
these folks actually say hello when they get on the elevator with you , and they act like they enjoy trying to help you .
you want a place with character ?
you 'll love the deep tubs , cozy rooms , and the rubber ducky you get to take home with you .
not to mention the delicious cookies and coffee available all day long . yes , the rooms are small , but how much space do you need , anyway ?
no air conditioning , but how often do you need it in sf , anyway ?
believe me , this place offers a more than merely comfortable stay . this was our second stay - -we enjoyed our first one (2 years ago ) so much , that we came back and brought our kids and their spouses with us .
wes made sure we had three rooms together , with great views from the 15th floor .
the kids loved the place , too ! i ca not end the review without thanking the chancellor folks for helping us have a great family trip !
wes , you did it again !
great location !
check in was very efficient even though we arrived early the staff were very helpful and arranged for our luggage to be stored and for car parking for us . the location was excellent - cable car right outside and with sears opposite and macy 's down one block you could not ask for anything more ! the room was big enough with a large comfy bed and they have a selection of pillows available ( e . g .
anti snoring ! ) but the pillows which were already on the bed were fine . the bathroom was quite small but clean and all you needed . our room was at the back so was quiet but i could imagine the front of the hotel could be a bit noisy . free internet in reception and wireless in the roomsvery handy tour desk in the foyer which sells muni passes for the cable cars/trams etc . all in all a great hotel which i would definitely stay in again .
great affordable location in san francisco what a find .
affordable hotel .
right on union square with cable car out front .
walk to everything .
rooms great , staff friendly , small boutique hotel , has food/beverage package which is well worth it .
free internet .
highly recommend .
great hotel , great price just returned from a 4 night stay at the chancellor .
very good location and a very good price .
staff was helpful , rooms were clean and well appointed .
the pillow menu and in - room 'spa ' options were a nice touch ( but not used ) .
as mentioned in previous posts there is no ac but it was not required .
rooms do have a ceiling fans to circulate air and the window does open .
the free wi - fi and in - room safe was a nice bonus as well .
the powell - hyde cable car line runs right infront of the hotel , chinatown and union square are within walking distance too - - saturday we walked from the hotel , through chinatown , then all the way to pier 39.
will stay again .
excellent stay at the chancellor we recently spent a long weekend at the chancellor hotel .
we thoroughly enjoyed our stay .
the staff is very professional and courteous .
the location is great as it is close to union square and the powell street bart station  muni stops ( cable cars , f - line streetcars , and buses ) .
you can easily walk to the hotel from there .
so you can take the bart from either oakland or san francisco airport and get off at powell street and the hotel is less than 1/3rd of a mile away . the room was comfortable for two people .
it was very clean and maintains the charm of an historic building .
the bathroom is small with good space utilization .
we asked for a room on a higher floor and stayed on the 12th floor ( there are 15 floors ) .
you could hear the street noise with the window open but it wasn?? bad at all .
i had my laptop with me and the free wifi service was easy to use in the room .
there is also a computer with an internet connection  printer in the lobby for guests to use . we ate breakfast at the restaurant which had excellent food and service ; a great way to start the day .
we would definitely stay at the chancellor again , however due to the lack of air conditioning we would only stay during cooler weather .
i loved this hotel i loved this hotel .
i was on my first solo round the world trip and the travel agent had tried to talk me into a higher star hotel but thankfully i hadn?? listened .
i stayed 5 nights here and it felt like my own cozy little home that was central to everything , if not by foot then by jumping on the trolley outside the door .
my days in sf were planned in the restaurant over breakfast ? ? both the food and atmosphere are wonderful .
and although i had purchased maps and guidebooks the hotel placemat became my most used map that when everywhere with me . the hotel is charming and the reality was better than i expected .
i have told everyone to visit sf and that this is the perfect hotel to stay in .
just spent 6 nights in this fantastic hotel !
i was in san fran for the nada convention and was notified by our vp of marketing that we were staying at the chancellor .
uh - oh i thought to myself .
no brand name hotel ?
being a constant business traveler , i usually like the brands because i know what to expect . wow .
the chancellor made me realize my expectations were pretty low !
i was extremely impressed with this place .
the hotel is beautiful - although it 's old , it has been fully refurbished and is absolutely pristine .
the guest rooms and the lobby are filled with character .
the rooms are beautifully furnished and they are absolutely spotless .
i 'm a slob and the maid removed all evidence the mess i created every single day .
the bed was extremely comfortable , and the free in - room wifi was icing on the cake . i was most deeply impressed by the staff of the hotel .
i did not catch names , but every person who helped me was oustanding .
i was amazed when my breakfast was brought up to my room and the person who delivered it started asking me how i like the room and then explained how it had been completely redone .
this was a great indication of the pride this person felt in the chancellor - if you 're going to engage me in a chat about how the room was redone while you deliver my breakfast , you 're obviously pretty proud to be working there . that sums up my experience with the chancellor - everyone seemed to be proud to be there and the ruboff of that pride was excellent service all around .
it was so great to get to experience a city like san francisco while staying in a hotel like the chancellor .
i am now looking to return to san francisco with my wife and family for leisure .
if we do , the chancellor will have first right of refusal of my business .
nice work !
i highly recommend this hotel .
excellent hotel , loved it ! ! ! ! we stayed here in jan 08.
it is a great hotel right in the heart of san francisco .
you can just walk outside and hope on a cable car to pretty much anywhere you fancy . rooms are very well decorated and really clean . bar
downstairs is nice and bartender super nice , always said hello and had a smile for us when we came down to the bar . free
internet on computer in the lobby is a fantastic idea .
as too was the free tea and coffee available in the lobby . we
really enjoyed our stay in both san fran and the chancellor , we will be back .
excellent hotel , excellent location my husband and i stayed at the chancellor for four nights in september as part of our honeymoon having travelled from the uk to get married in las vegas .
i e - mailed wes in advance and when we arrived we found that we had been allocated a two room suite with two bathrooms which was absolutely fab with views across union square . the staff at the hotel are absolutely great .
prior to our stay here we had been at the venetian in las vegas and whilst the rooms there are superb you just feel like a number .
when we arrived at the chancellor the receptionist made a point of agknowledging the fact that it was our honeymoon and the staff made you feel truly welcome . this was my second stay in san francisco and i really think you would struggle to beat this hotel .
for the few on here that have left negative comments they need to consider what you should realistically expect from a 3 star hotel at these rates .
the hotel is in a first class location , the rooms are spotlessly clean and the staff attentive , i do not know what some people want however i honestly think you will struggle to find a better hotel than this . the tram stops right outside the hotel and in the evening we were able to walk everywhere without having to take a cab .
san francisco is a buzzing city and we throughly enjoyed our stay .
i would whole heartedly recommend this hotel and only wish we had met wes in person to thank him .
if you are reading this review whilst shopping around for a hotel stop looking and just book the chancellor as it 's a gem .
great value stayed here feb 1-3 because of the top 10 rank on this site .
and we agree , it 's a very nice hotel , especially for the price ( we shopped and it was half what we would have had to pay at the st . francis one block away ) .
clean room , very comfortable bed , efficient staff , great location .
rooms are small , and we took out and used the space heater that was in the closet .
but free wi - fi in the room , free cookies , coffee and newspapers in the lobby , and free access to a very nice regular health club 1 block away ( not some cheesy fitness room with 2 machines , a tv and a water cooler ) make this a great deal , especially if you get a promotional rate .
we would definitely stay here again .
we were impressed we are semi - locals who live two hours from san francisco and come into the city 8 or 10 weekends a year , for playsthe chancellor was not new to us , but we had not stayed there for several years , partly because we only stay for one night on the weekend , and partly because i use a consolidator kind of thing to find the hotels with the best parking deals . we had a midweek matinee and a good parking deal at the chancellor , so we decided to go back , which i had hoped to do anyway because of all of the wonderful recent reviews and i wanted to see the room refurbishing .
we decided to make it a two night stay . there are two main things which impressed me , especially as compared to the myriad hotels in san francisco that we have visited over the years . the first is the staff .
i swear that the general manager , westyler , must have trained this staff in customer relations .
or else they are just genuinely great people . . . they do not act trained , it seems genuine .
the front desk clerks are smart , efficient , friendly , and alert .
the bellboys keep track of when your room is ready if you arrive early and efficiently keep track of various people 's luggage .
both checking in and checking out .
the woman at the tour desk ( which we did not use ) is available for questions and help . . . she is probably the equivalent of a 'concierge ' in a larger hotel .
( she will also laugh with you when you come in from the rain soaking wet . )the staff in the restaurant is not only efficient and attentive , but cheery and fun .
they really seem to enjoy what they are doing and always wish you a good day when you leave . if you run into a member of the housekeeping staff in the hallway as you are entering or leaving your room , you can always count on a greeting with a smile , . . .good morning . . . for example . the refurbished rooms are delightful , with a classy decor , beds and linens and comforters you wish you could take home with you . so . . . .this is an older hotel , brought up to boutique/charming style .
do not expect 300 square foot rooms , air conditioning , huge modern bathrooms .
you may find a welcome walk - in closet .
you will not have air - conditioning , but you will have a window which opens and a ceiling fan to circulate the air .
actually , you will need not to worry about a/c at all in sf . you will need to worry about heat , if you are in your room during the day on cold days .
the hotel has an efficient way of turning on the heat at about 5 o 'clock in the evening and turning it off later in the morning , but if you are in your room during the day and get cold , look in your walk - in closet you will find a modern electric 120 v radiator which you can trot out to warm your toes .
it is not really a problem , just a caution for extra cold days if you plan to stay in . okay , wes . . . . . your turn .
but please share what i said about your staff with them .
they are truly incredible .
good location and great staff warm and friendly greeting by all staff which was much appreciated after a long flight .
as mentioned in previous reviews this is a hotel with plenty of character , definitely not a modern box .
our room was freshly decorated and whilst a little small the walk in closet was a real bonus .
much thought had been given to the comfort of guests with the provision of such items as complimentary bottle of wine , pillow menu , umbrella ( much needed in san francisco ) , deep bath etc .
the location could not be better in the heart of the city and a few steps from the cable car . the hotel breakfast we sampled was first class .
complimentary coffee , fruit and cookies were always available . excellent hotel representing superb value for money .
love , love , love this hotel i normally travel with my husband but this trip i am solo .
when i checked into the chancellor yesterday , it felt like coming home .
this is probably my 10th trip to this hotel , and i would never stay anywhere else in san francisco .
one of the many reasons i enjoy this hotel is that it is a true san francisco style hotel .
it is not a large , boxy , giant roomed modern hotel .
why come to an interesting city like san francisco and stay at a place like that ?
you might as well go to vegas if that 's the experience you want .
this is is quaint , cozy , old school san francisco .
if you 've ever looked at any of the houses or flats in the city ( and i have , since i lived here for 20 years ) , you 'll see the same sort of architecture .
things are compact here in san francisco with interesting little touches , and that 's what you 'll find at the chancellor .
yes , the rooms are small .
that makes them cozy and sweet .
most of them have a gigantic closet to store your things which more than makes up for their compactness .
staying here actually makes you feel like you 're in san francisco .
add to that the sounds of the city floating through your room and you have a complete san francisco experience . i ca not believe someone complained about the chancellor 's decor in another review .
clearly that person should have stayed at a giant no - personality chain hotel .
the chancellor 's decor is old school san francisco , which is what makes it so wonderful .
it 's also hard to believe someone would complain that they have to sign and initial the check in form !
being a hotel owner myself , i realize the need to point things out to people personally and to actually ask that they initial something to confirm they 've read the point in question .
plain and simple , all of those items are important , and many people just do not take the time to read details .
to the hotel , it 's good business practice .
to the guest , it takes an extra 3 or 4 seconds , if that .
the kind of person who would take offense at that probably should have just stayed home .
my husband and i have been coming to this hotel for almost two years .
in that time , the faces at the hotel have not changed a bit - - we see the entire staff time and time again .
to me , that 's the sign of a great establishment : essentially no staff turnover .
they have always been courteous and friendly and ready to help with any request given them .
we love the breakfasts in the restaurant and believe it is probably the best breakfast in the city .
and the hotel prices are fabulous compared to other hotels in san francisco .
i personally ca not believe they did not win a 2008 travelers ' choice award this year , after having won one in the past ( for best bargain ) , but then it appears that many hotels that have won awards in the past did not win them this year .
they will always be this traveler 's choice . keep up the great work , chancellor .
i 'm here at the hotel now and will be back again in a week .
see you guys again then .
perfect end to our honeymoon .
we stayed at the chancellor hotel from 15th - 18th oct '07 as the end to our honeymoon .
it was perfect .
we arrived at about 10pm and were greeted by friendly and professional staff .
our room was great - nice size and clean .
a bottle of sparkling wine , a gift and a credit voucher for the restaurant had been left in our room .
a lovely touch .
we had a view over union square too .
front desk staff were able to direct us to a great cafe ( uncle v . . . . - ca not quite remember the name ) for a late night pizza - their recommendation was spot on . on our first morning the lady at the info shop in the hotel was so informative and helpful - without her help i 'm not sure we would have got to the golden gate bridge on the local bus ! we experienced room service - both breakfast and dinner , which was fabulous .
we also ate breakfast in the restaurant on two mornings - again great . we had a drink in the bar each night before heading out - friendly staff . all in all it was the perfect end to our honeymoon - i wish we had spent longer in san francisco as we only touched the surface of things to see and do . we are planning a return trip in 2009 and will definatly stay at the chancellor .
it has a wonderful location , the staff are excellent , rooms are great and the little touches show the thought that has gone into the service provided .
i loved the rubber duck in the bathroom ! !what more can i say except thank you to everyone at the chancellor and we shall see you in 2009.
2nd time - just as good after having such a good time in the chancellor we made a quick return .
you feel like you have stepped into a good quality 1950's hotel .
the place hads a certsin charm which can only be experienced .
the hotel could easily be just as busy if they put the prices up $50 a night .
dont raise them though if your reading this wes . we never tried the food in the hotel because the food in the local area was great .
i would highly recommend the place next door for the best breakfast i have ever tasted .
try the pancakes .
for dinner we had good meals at the dinner 400yrds up the same road as the hotel . other
things we loved - free internet usecookies and tea for free . location , location , location - all the main shops within 800yrds of the hotel .
great bars .
right on a tram stop totake youto fishermans warf .
mark a day off to wander down there .
staff all very plesant and helpful . slight down sidesthe rooms are not the biggest , but due to the age and style of the building they can never be any bigger . the bar area is fine for a quiet drink , but nothing more . we
location location location the location of this hotel is truly excellent , 1 minute off union sq , the price of a room is a cheap as staying at a travel lodge in the uk . but much much nicer .
the extra bits and bobs and friendly staff are what makes this hotel even better .
the room are fairly small but all the extra touches more that make up for this . . . . wow super soft pillows and bed , jar of sweets in your room , free fresh cookies , tea and coffee in the reception area .
free internet access in your room and there is also the use of a computer in reception .
small bar with friendly bar staff all making this hotel special .
top tips for san fran . sear for breakfast almost next door to the hotel . . . .
the line can be long but it 's very fast moving . alcatraz visit . . . do the night trip 16:30 as you will get to see a bit more .
like the hospital area and the bird man 's cellworth doing . . . . flying over and under the golden gate bridge by helicopter .
we did this with sf helicopter tours - amazing experience . imax cinema . . . . worth a trip if you love films like we do 
the only place i will stay fram now on ! ! we could not ask for more ! !
greeted by warm cookies and an even warmer staff , my fianc? and i were very pleased .
upon check - in we recieved a map and coupons for macy 's ! !
the lobby has a very inviting atmosphere , with a sitting area and large picture windows looking out onto the street .
there is a cozy bar and restaraunt , both of which have excellent service .
we ate breakfast at the restaraunt and the food was delicious ! ! our server was very friendly and offered suggestions and help with any of our questions .
when we got to our room we were thrilled .
it had been updated in a beautiful green and chocolate brown scheme , but still retained all the important vintage touches to remind us it was a classic .
our room looked out to union square park , and at night it was so beautiful .
my favorite part of our room was the huge closet .
we could easily tuck away all of our luggage along with our purchases , allowing us to relax in a clutter free room .
we were provided with nice pillows and bed linens , but there were several option available if we were not pleased with what they provided .
the bathroom was a good size with a nice deep bathtub to soak away a day of shopping .
the hotel is located right off of union square , so you do not have to deal withquote as heavy foot traffic , but you are literally steps from anywhere you could want to be .
borders books is right next door and open late if you might want something to read .
all in all our experience here was an 11 out of 10, and i am so thankful our friend recommended us ! !
excellent location , pretty quiet , nice staff i 've stayed at the chancellor 2 or 3 times , and it has become the place i stay when in sfo .
the attractions are in order of attactiveness : location , staff attitude , quietness .
the location works for most of the market/business dist area and i stay here for moscone conferences as well .
the place is consistently well staffed by people who notice you and ask if they can help in a proactive fasion .
the rooms are a bit small , but that 's what you get with an older property .
and with an older property you also get more solid and quiet construction .
i found most of the fixtures in the room of higher than average quality .
everything worked in my rooms there .
there is no exercise equipment there , but i never care in sfo since it 's a walkers paradise .
while the property itself does not have some of the things i usually associate with an excellent rating , the location and value of this hotel combined with the consistent service level propels to this level .
a little gem in busy union square having decided on union square we were looking for a reasonably priced hotel for a well earned christmas break .
after reading the reviews of the chancellor we booked it direct with them ( cheaper than other so called discount travel sites ) .
upon arrival we were really pleased with the location and also the look and feel of the hotel .
the staff were extremely helpful at check - in and also recommended local places to eat which we used and were very pleased .
the room was very clean and being up on the 14th floor at the front corner we had an excellent view of not only union square but also the skyline beyond the bay .
bed was extremely comfortable , room had all the facilities we required and very relaxing .
room is not the largest compared to some of the larger hotels but is more than adequate for what we needed given the amount of time actually spent in the room ie sleeping ( did i mention the bed was very comfortable ? )staff at the hotel were all very friendly , knowledgeable and always willing to answer questions .
loved the individual feel of the hotel compared to chains we have stayed in previously eg the rubber duck in the bathroom was a lovely touch ( especially as we had a santa duck ) .
cookies and hot beverages in lobby were always plentiful no matter time of day .
overall would highly recommend this hotel .
you ca not go wrong for location , atmosphere , price , convenience , friendliness , cleanliness and beautiful old architecture .
would definitely stay here again should we return to san francisco .
great hotel stayed here just the one night here in november on the 9th floor , had a good view of union sq .
as mentioned previously this hotel is in a great location short walk to shops , trams , restaurants etc .
the room and bathroom were perfect for us not that small .
the only minor issue was the loud tv noise coming from the next room in the early hours of the morning , the noise appear to come though the locked door that separated the rooms , but was not a real problem , as we were very tired .
the absolute best !
we stayed at the chancellor hotel on union square for our 30th wedding anniversary .
it was fantastic .
from the wonderful staff , to the great bedding , to the wonderful lemon drop martini !
the gm , wes tyler , outdid himself .
to help us celebrate , wes gave us a room with a great view , a bottle of champagne with chancellor glasses and a very nice picture frame to commemorate the occasion .
i would highly recommend this hotel .
the location is perfect .
just across from union square and very convenient to the trolley .
next time you visit sf , make sure you stay at the chancellor hotel !
the chancellor - -why go anywhere else in sf ? ? ! ! stayed at the chancellor in dec . '06 thanks to such good reviews on tripadvisor . com
loved it !
great staff - -the front desk , housekeeping , and the bellmen ; nice clean rooms ; great cookies  coffee in the lobby . a year later the place is still outstanding !
front desk was so friendly - - - gave us great restaurant  pub recommendations  tourist ideas .
room was spotless and quiet !
free wireless and a decent room rate , too ! we highly recommend the chancellor - -will make a return visit asap !
location , location , location we visited san francisco in mid november 2007.
this was a fantastic place to stay in the city .
its location is perfect - right in the main shopping area and restaurants ( can walk to chinatown in 10-15 minutes ) and is located right next to the tram line for easy reach to fisherman 's wharf ( for the ferry to alcatraz ) , to the castro and other sf tourist locations . the staff were really helpful with offering advice on places to eat , the breakfasts were really tasty and filling , and there is free internet located next to the main reception for booking the alcatraz ferry in advance !
the rooms were clean ( although small , but understandable for a city centre building ) and beds really comfortable . for parking , we recommend you go for the valet option as its hassle free and your car is delivered to the outside of the hotel quickly .
there are recommended parking lots nearby if you choose to self - park . take a trip up the lift in macy 's on union square to the cheese factory restaurant for a great view of the surrounding area whilst you eat a great value meal with generous portions .
we did this at night so got a great view of the square all lit up . to summarise , we really liked this hotel as it was in a perfect location in the heart of the city and our stay was most enjoyable .
wonderful hotel with 5* plus emphasis on customer service having booked 11 months in advance with wes tyler direct based on reviews from trip advisor , i knew i was not going to be disappointed . the hotel exceeded my expectations and quite frankly fail to understand how any one could complain about it .
after all who wants to spend any time in your room whilst visiting sf .
that said the rooms were sufficiently big enough with a huge walk in closet .
a bed and pillows to just curl up and sleep the night away . the bathrooms were big enough for the purpose . as this was a birthday surprise for my husband there was a bottle of wine and a souvenir gift awaiting us . nice touch . as i said the personal touches - coffee and cookies in the lobby this was a nice treat to have each morning , popcorn in the bar in the evening , ice machines on each floor .
just little things that go a long way . the free internet access also was great . all of the staff were extremely helpful and knowledgeable . i would recommend this hotel to anyone as a must , its so convenient right across from union square and the cable car stops right outside . i must also say the second part of our trip was a stay in las vegas at the bellagio .
well quite frankly in my own opinion it was terrible !
no customer service no personal touches and when asking for advice , unless you were going to tip them big style they could not help you . wes thanks again to you and your stafff for making this charming hotel a gem in san francisco .
great boutique hotel we chose this hotel because of the reviews on this site and were not disappointed .
we were given a room at the back of the hotel on the ninth floor ( quieter ) .
the room itself was on the small side but spotlessly clean and very comfortable .
location - wise this could not be better , right on union square with a cable car stop right outside .
we bought the 3 day muni passes ( $18) and used them for travel throughout the city .
you do not need a car !
the staff were friendly and helpful , especially the breakfast staff who remembered us after the first morning .
we also found the tour desk very helpful and really enjoyed the half day tour to muir woods and sausilito .
you can also book shuttle buses here to the airport for around $15 per person .
nice touches included the free coffee and fruit in the lobby plus the free internet access .
overall great value for money , excellent helpful staff , and the best location in s . f .
what more could you want ?
great location , character , and staff for what we were looking for , the chancellor was perfect .
it is a great base from which to explore the city .
the cable cars can be accessed directly across from the hotel .
we loved the coziness ( and cleanliness ) of our room , the positive atmosphere , and friendly staff .
we are so glad we did not stay down in the fisherman 's wharf area .
thank you to everyone at the chancellor for making our stay great !
three star++ i 've stayed at three 3 star hotels ( and 1 4 star ) near union square .
the chancellor is the best .
rooms are painfully small , but meticulously clean , well appointed , and supplied with many amenities not often found in 3 star hotels .
the bed was the best hotel bed i 've ever slept in .
choice of pillows : synthetic down , real down , buckwheat , and others .
down ( ? ) comforter .
room noise is low for a hotel in this location .
location is ++++ , right off union square and close to cable cars and bart .
highly recommended for travelers on a budget .
best hotel for the price and location the staff were amazingly nice , the room small ( but more than fine ) , and the location was great .
i asked for and got a quiet room in the back of the hotel , and on check in was given discount coupons for breakfast in the hotel , for drinks in the lobby bar , and for macy 's .
lest that sound cheesy - it felt good , like taking some of the cost out of an expensive city .
from the front door , i could see the christmas tree in union square , and the decorated front of macy 's .
i will not only stay there again , i will recommend to friends and family as the best hotel for the price in san francisco .
a business stay i spent four nights at the chancellor on a business trip ( i am writing this review on my last night ) , and i have to say that , given the comfort , charm , friendliness , location and price of the hotel , the chancellor is one of the best hotels i have ever experienced in san francisco .
no , the rooms are not like a hyatt or marriott , but that is a good thing in my mind .
they are clean , with very comfortable new beds , and the room feels welcoming and charming rather than plastic .
the staff are always accomodating and helpful , and the free wifi saved me money since i did quite a bit of work from my room .
i even got thank - you notes from housekeeping when i left them tips !
the location is ideal for me , close to my home office , bart and union square shopping .
there is access to a terrific fitness center around the corner ( club one ) which even has a pool .
and it is so very affordable .
i want to thank everyone at the chancellor for making this trip so enjoyable for me .
fantastic hotel , great service ! ! ! !
we booked this hotel after reading reviews on trip advisor and had high hopes and expectations .
we were not disappointed ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
we received such a warm welcome from everyone as soon as we walked through the door it made us forget the 11 hour flight we had just been on .
the staff on reception were friendly and helpful , the discounts for the bar , restaurant and macy 's were a very nice touch , we were also given a travel pass that previous guests had bought but had left with 3 days still left on it , this was a pleasant surprise and saved us some money and helped us find our way around san francisco .
our room was clean and modern and there was nothing wrong with the colour and carpets as a previous reviewer has stated ! ! ! ! yes the rooms were not huge but that was not a surprise and our room was more than sufficient and who goes away and spends most of their time in their room ?
we could not fault the food at breakfast and it was always nice to be greated with a smile and a happy hello .
the location was spot on , right in the heart of union square and close to transport links to the rest of the city .
all of this helped make a great holiday but there was one thing that changed this and made it a fantastic holiday and it was susan on the tour desk ! ! !
we booked trips , the shuttle to the airport and a car through susan , she was friendly and helpful and i do not think there was a day that we did not ask her at least one question and she never let us down with the answer , she was there 12 hours a day and she was there all 8 days we were , does she ever have a day offoverall the chancellor hotel is a great hotel in a great location and would recommend it to anyone and everyone ! ! ! ! ! ! !
always a pleasure i 've stayed at the chancellor everytime i visit san francisco - first in 1999 and around 7 times since , the last time being nov 2007.
i 've found the hotel , facilities and staff consistently very good and will definitely return . location - right on union square and therefore excellent location for shopping , plenty of restaurant choice , chinatown , cable car runs right past the hotel down to the wharf .
some may find rooms at the front a little noisy however its never bothered me and this stuff is all part of staying right in the heart of the cityrooms - sfo hotel room sizes are similar to ny ie you dont get a huge room but i 've always found the room size to be good and more than sufficient for my requirements .
as one recent reviewer mentioned , the bathroom is on the small side but its all works and is clean with plenty of hot water for showering and soaking plus the nice little touch of the rubber duck or the tub - can i buy these ? staff - i 've always found them welcoming , friendly and efficient .
they really seem to like working here - always a good sign for me . general - an older hotel and some ( those who may like ultra - modern hotels ) may regard the chancellor a little scuffed around the edges but for me that just adds to its character .
add this to very reasonable cost , great location and consistently good staff and you have yourself a little gem .
highly recommend this hotel .
a great value in san francisco we stayed at the chancellor hotel for three nights in august of 2007, and have nothing to complain about .
the location was great , the rooms were very nice for the price paid , and the staff was attentive to our needs .
the hotel is on the cable car line and close to many restaurants .
when we visit san francisco next time , we will definitely stay here !
the perfect city hotel my family stayed in the chancellor hotel earlier this year for a family wedding being held in san francisco .
between us we had roughly fifteen rooms in the hotel .
the staff could not have been more accomodating to our party .
as most reviewers have said the rooms are on the small side but this is to be expected for a city hotel and the location more than makes up for this . i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting san franciso as i do not think you 'll find a better hotel for this price .
i look forward to returning to the chancellor in the near future .
loved the chancellor we recently visited san francisco for our first of many trips and were very pleased to see the cleanliness of the city .
we booked a small boutique hotel based upon reviews that we had read on trip advisor .
we knew going in that the hotel would be an older hotel and the rooms not large .
we also knew the hotel would be classy but not offer every amenity like pool and spa on site and shops .
we chose this hotel for its location on the powell cable car line and easy walking access to union square and the available shopping .
we had also heard many positive reviews about the staff and the general manager , wes tyler . check in was prompt and efficient as promised .
no difficulty finding the rooms or getting around the small hotel .
the room was small and there were unusual quirks that went along with the hotel?? age such as threshold steps going into the bathroom ( can make an interesting trip to the loo in the middle of the night ) , short shower head/spray and no air conditioning but the positives out way the negatives many times over .
the room had very high ceilings , very quiet floor , could not hear the neighbours or elevators but could hear an annoying metal sound coming up from powell street that i was not familiar with and it had me baffled only to find out it was the doormen of the hotels in the area hailing cabs with a whistle .
this ended mid evening and did not keep us awake .
it must be a california tradition to cover the hotel beds with many pillows .
it was quite nice .
the bed was very comfortable .
we were greeted in our room with a large jar of tasty candies and a delicious bottle of california wine , corkscrew , wine glasses and a birthday card because it was my husband?? birthday .
large bars on glycerine soap in the bathroom were appreciated along with a little yellow surprise staring at us on the shelf ( find out for yourself what it is ) .
that shows the hotel?? sense of humour as well as a nice personal touch .
we bought the muni pass for 3 days for $18.00 each that gave us unlimited travel throughout the city including cable cars , streetcars and buses that allowed us to get around san francisco extremely easily without having to rent a car .
we purchased the pass in the lobby at the chancellor hotel . upon recommendation from the front desk at check - in , we went to the top floor of macy?? for lunch at the cheesecake factory and had a great lunch .
by nighttime we were exhausted due to traveling time and we decided to just order sandwiches from the hotel restaurant and we brought them to our room .
this was very convenient .
the food was good and reasonable .
also in the lobby were delicious cookies , apples , teas and coffee available to all guests free of charge 24 hours a day .
very nice touch ! our stay was made very enjoyable due to the helpful front staff in particular , rory , a dignified and attentive person who fulfilled our every whim and offered helpful information and directions .
he was very pleasant to talk with .
wes the general manager met us one night in the bar and offered us additional directions for the remainder of our trip to california and even provided maps and shortcuts and told us about the new wine region of paso robles .
thank you wes for arranging the excellent weather as requested .
the friendly bartender could carry on a pleasant conversation as well as keep you abreast of the sports scores ( too bad boston won ) .
also , having free internet in the lobby made it easy to communicate with family members at home .
the most favourable thing about this hotel can be summed up in three words .
location , location and location .
good value for the money and looking forward to our next stay at the chancellor hotel .
experience the charm !
my husband and i just returned from san francisco where we spent 4 nights at the chancellor hotel on union square .
we were celebrating our 20th anniversary and my husband 's 60th birthday by taking this trip .
we chose the chancellor hotel based on reviews from tripadvisor and we could not be more pleased with the choice .
kevin vossen , the reservations supervisor , not only helped tremendously with providing accomodations due to some health - related issues involving my husband , but also made us welcome with celebration gifts .
although we had read reviews that the rooms were small , we found the space more than adequate ( and we are not small people ) .
the room was beautifully decorated , very clean , had the coziest bed with great pillows , and was overall . . . charming .
all of the staff we met were helpful , courteous and pleasant .
we received assistance with our laptop , were given detailed instructions for navigating the city , got a great recommendation for dinner in chinatown , and got smiles with each request !
this is a lovely , period hotel with the best location in the heart of the city !
easy access to great shopping , fine dining , and the cable cars !
we highly recommend the chancellor hotel as it has warmth and charm and offers great value for the price !
my husband and i travel to san francisco 2 or 3 times a year , and like to try out a new hotel each time .
we prefer the union square area , but always face a conundrum : the smaller , renovated hotels are convenient , but often a bit rough around the edges .
of all the area hotels we 've stayed in , the chancellor hotel comes closest to getting everything right .
for starters , the location really is ideal .
it 's between borders books and the venerable sears fine food , just steps off union square .
the attractive lobby is open and airy , and the employees are impeccably helpful and polite .
our room , on an upper floor , was very tastefully decorated , with high - end bedding and contemporary appointments .
the bathroom was squeaky clean , with modern fixtures and period details .
yes , the room was a bit on the small side , and the soundproofing could have been better .
but those are the realities of an older hotel .
it was ideal for us .
i can definitely count our stay at the chancellor hotel as one of the best we 've enjoyed in many years of travel to the city .
loved it !
just returned from our 4th stay at the chancellor .
we would not stay anywhere else .
the staff are eager to help in any way possible and the location ca not be beat .
the rooms are small , but very clean .
we ate breakfast in the restaurant 1 morning and enjoyed it very much .
it is apparent that the general manager cares , he was working the front desk at check out , not hidden in some office like general managers of other hotels we have stayed in .
our only regret is that we will not be able to return until next january .
we suggestg eating at fior d 'italia if you are in the mood for italian food .
we love the veal parmigana .
location , location , location only the beginning , beginning , beginning general manager wes tyler recently referred to the chancellor as a ??imple hotel in a great location . ? ? me thinks wes is too modest .
certainly the chancellor enjoys an unbeatable ??ive star? ? location on union square and the property itself is more of a three star hotel , longer on historic charm ( the wide moldings , original bathtubs , wrought iron banisters ) than luxury . but simple ?
there is nothing simple about assembling a staff who take such obvious pride in their work as evidenced by keeping the place spotless and extending themselves beyond the call of duty to provide helpful suggestions about nightlife , restaurants , and transportation .
there is nothing simple about the extra touches that make a stay here enjoyable??resh coffee and cookies 24/7, ??our star? ? sized towels , pillows and linens in a three star hotel , free wifi in the rooms , and in - room umbrellas in case of rain , or the option of a free newspaper in the morning from a menu including the sf chronicle , usa today , the wall street journal or the ny times .
there is nothing simple about the manager asking guests their preferences and selecting a room suited to individual tastes .
or about the bowl of hard candy , the welcome bottle of local wine , or the rubber ducky in the bath .
these touches require a certain obsession with being the best hotel possible , within the limits of the hotels architecture and age .
this commitment to excellence , perhaps commonplace when the chancellor was built , has become a rarity in our time .
the hotel is old but is by no means rundown .
the paint our room was fresh and the carpet was new .
furniture has been updated . but it is not the marriott or ritz carlton . as wes frequently writes . . . do not stay here if you are looking for a luxury hotel .
rooms here are adequately sized but not spacious .
our room featured a queen bed , writing desk , small end table flank .
the walk - in closet was huge .
since we were able to place all of our bags in the closet , we had more useable space in the room itself .
bathrooms are charming but not very large .
there is no air conditioning .
do stay here if you are looking for lots of value for not much money . . . an immaculate room . . . .and welcoming staff . . . .and lots of little touches . . . . .
the chancellor is rated by ta readers as one of the best value hotels around .
given the prices for other hotels in the heart of sf , we wholeheartedly agree .
we spent more for dinner for two than for our room !
wes , thanks to you and your staff for helping to make our trip special and for a reminder of the real difference a commitment to excellence can make .
the chancellor - a great little hotel travelling with my husband , twin 18 year old boys and 89 year old mom , we found the chancellor was just right for all ages .
the rooms were surprisingly quiet considering the hotel is in the heart of all the action in the union square area .
it is an older hotel so the rooms are not huge but big enough .
the hotel has the charm that comes with an older hotel . the room was nice and dark at night without a lot of light coming in from the hallway .
if you like to be in the heart of things when you travel you cannot beat the location .
the boys loved being so close to the cheesecake factory at macy 's .
although the hotel does not have its own gym , guests are give a pass to what my boys described as an excellent gym nearby .
the boys and my mom really enjoyed evening snacks of cookies , popcorn and coffee , available for free in the lobby .
the lobby was a great place to gather in the evening because of the nice casual atmosphere at the hotel .
it has a staff that give great service just the right amount - genuinely friendly and helpful .
one of them gave us great advice for places to dine that only a local would know .
the chancellor is very well - priced , well - located and well done !
i would definitely stay there again and again .
fantastic great hotel , fantastic location and brilliant staff .
what more could you ask for ? !i have stayed in a few hotels in san francisco and this is easily the best value .
just off union square , it?? perfect for shopping and sight - seeing .
i would thoroughly recommend the hotel to all travellers .
chancellor hotel a great stay we booked our stay last week at the chancellor hotel after reading many of the good reviews right here on tripadvisor . well , i am happy to say now that our 1 week stay is over , the hotel certainly lived up to its billing .
the staff was courtious and helpful any time we needed anything .
wes was kind enough to give us a top floor front location along with sparkling wine with glasses for our 25 anniversary which we were celebrating early .
had many good laughs and conversation with rex , the bartender to wind up several of our nights .
all in all i would highly recommennd this hotel to anyone .
do keep in mind that it is a boutique hotel .
which basically means the hotel rooms are on the small side , but that was to be expected .
they are clean and well appointed .
if anyone is having doubts about this hotel , please put them to rest and book your stay in this fine hotel .
great location , fantastic staff - the best place to stay in san fran .
we rang ahead before we arrived to check we could have a courier package delivered to the hotel , and let slip that the package was our weding photos and we were on our honeymoon .
the staff put us in the best room on the top floor (15th ) and we arrived to find a bottle of champagne and card congratulating us on our wedding .
what a great welcome ! the trams run right outside so its really easy to get around .
much less touristy around union square than down fisherman 's wharf area .
stay here - its great .
excellent , will return chose this hotel because of very good reviews on tripadvisor and also because the manager replied to any criticism .
ca not fault the hotel at all .
i will stay here on any future trips to san francisco and will recommend it to family and friends .
yes , you hear the cable cars but is not that one of the reasons you go to san francisco ?
great location the location of the hotel at union square is perfect for accessing all areas of san francisco and the cable car passes right outside .
we were on the 13th floor overlloking union sq , so had a great view of the city .
my partner was celebrating his 40th birthday and there was a complimentary bottle of sparkling wine , chocolates and a photo frame waiting in the room when we checked in as a gift , which was a lovely touch and a great start to our stay in this great city .
the room was spotlessly clean and the general attitude of all the staff towards customer service is excellent .
all staff are very friendly and helpful , a special mention to matt who seems to really enjoy in his job . great place , a great stay and i would not hesitate to stay at the chancellor when i am in san francisco next 
a fantastic find my husband and i stayed at this hotel from 11/9 - 18/9/07.
i booked the trip as a surprise 40th birthday present for him but we decided to travel in september to coincide with our wedding anniversary .
like many other people i had emailed wes in advance and he pre - allocated us a nice room ( room 1003) .
it was a corner room with a side view of powell/union square and we could not fault it .
the decor was lovely , the bed was nice and comfortable , the bath amazing and the power shower was an added bonus .
unlike some people we did not find the room small - it had a queen bed , dressing table , coffee table , two chairs and two bedside tables .
the closet is massive  you can easily store your suitcases out of the way .
the bath is also huge and you can actually fit two people into the bathroom fairly comfortably .
in addition to our great room we also received a load of gifts from the hotel in recognition of both my husband 's birthday and our anniversary - whilst we really , really appreciated this it is not the free stuff that sets the hotel apart from others , but the attitude of the staff and the absolute attention to detail .
everyone we encountered was professional , helpful , happy and keen to help .
the free cookies and coffee are welcome ( and delicious ) but the hotel breakfast in luques is also really good .
portions are huge , service is great , there is a wide range of choice with daily specials and the prices are reasonable - we dined there several time and it was always great .
in addition to luques we also found two really nice restaurants - scalas , directly across the street ( beautiful italian food  great service ) and colibris on geary street - if you do go there the guacomole is a must .
it is made fresh in front of you and is delicious - and the creme brulee is even better . the things we enjoyed most in sf are as follows : a trip to muir woods and sonoma wine country .
we booked with extranomical ( as recommended by wes ) and it was a fantastic experience .
this company showed us 3 different wineries and also lots of the sights  history of sf ; a trip to alcatraz - we took the evening tour , which is really atmospheric but you must book in advance if you want to go ; a bike ride over the golden gate bridge to sausalito  then the ferry back .
sausalito is well worth a trip but note some bike companies will only hire if you have photo id - blazing saddles does not ask for photo id ; the musee mecanique at fishermans wharf is a museum dedicated to old arcade games  attractions .
everything works and only costs 25 cents to play - it 's a great laugh . our top tips - if you plan on riding the cable cars , buy a muni pass .
you can get 1, 3 or 7 day passes for various sums .
a one - way cable car ride costs $5 but you can use your pass on the cable car , muni  buses ; all atm 's charge $2 or $3 per transaction .
if you use the one in the hotel lobby it charges $2 but you can redeem your receipt for a $2 discount at luques ; macys offers tourists 11% reduction on purchases - just take your passport when you 're shopping . finally - thanks again to wes  the staff at the hotel - we would highly recommend you to everyone and hope to return very soon .
excellent stay , excellent choice i traveled to sf by myself on business , for a conference at the moscone center .
needed a hotel within my employer 's rather stingy daily limit .
i was somewhat familiar with the union square area but would not have found the chancellor without the great reviews from the tripadvisor community .
my first use of tripadvisor for business travel but it wo not be my last . this is a great property for business travelers .
the room and queen bed were totally comfortable .
the decor ( see traveler photos ) is warm and welcoming .
loved the high ceiling and ceiling fan for that at - home feel .
my room had a walk - in closet with two luggage racks .
plenty of hot water in the bathroom .
staff friendly and not intrusive .
no problems checking in at 10:30pm .
very quiet within the hotel .
there was some city noise coming from union square but that 's probably true of many area hotels .
overall a very clean and updated room yet the old - time charm of the building was still present . wireless internet service free , fast , and reliable . . . encrypted with a separate network per floor .
two ac outlets on the desk .
really important features for those who need them . i did not try the on - site bar  restaurant but did see a couple of guests taking advantage of their restaurant table to review business plans .
there is access to a nearby gym if you need it ( i did not have the time ) .staff was helpful arranging shuttle and holding my bags after checkout while i spent a final day touring sites i never reached on previous trips : marina district , palace of fine arts , presidio/gg bridge , gg park , haight - ashbury , alamo square , and a sunset cocktail at the top of the marks ( intercontinental mark hopkins hotel , the view is well worth the cost of your drink ) .
get a muni pass and get going !
the chancellor is directly on powell street cable car line and you can board about 30 yards from the front door towards sutter street . i wo not bother posting my photos as those from other travelers are quite accurate .
i will definitely return to the chancellor in the future on trips alone or with my wife .
great stay . .
. yet again !
my husband and i stayed at the chancellor for 5 nights (7-12 september 07) .
this was our second visit , and part of an anniversary trip , so i contacted wes the manager before we travelled and he helped me to arrange a special treat for our arrival .
not only did we find a bottle of wine and a special gift for our anniversary , but some beers and nuts for my husband ( he is a simple pleasures kind of guy ! ) the hotel room (1103) was great - we had a corner view of union square , and although we could hear the cable cars quite clearly , they just added to the experience of san francisco .
we purchased a pair of muni passes from the tour desk and made full use of them during our stay .
we travelled regularly on the cable cars ( which were quite busy , but another part of the san fran experience ) .
we also walked down to market street and caught the f line historic trams , which go all the way along the embarcadero to fisherman 's wharf .
top tip - take the $20 trip across the golden gate bridge - it only takes 1 and a half hours , but you get to stop off at the palace of fine arts and take pictures of the city from the other side of the bridge .
we also took a $10 sunset cruise under the bridge , which was well worth the money , if a little chilly ! !anyway , back to the hotel - i did not get the chance to meet wes in person to thank him for his help in making our stay special , but i did not really have the need to speak to any of the staff apart from at check - in , as we had no problems the entire duration of our stay .
that said , whenever we made our way through the entrance foyer , we were always hailed with a greeting by whoever was on the check - in desk .
little things like that , along with the jars of sweets and rubber ducky , made our second stay at the chancellor just as good , if not better , than our first . we had no reason to stay anywhere else when we came on this trip , and we still have no reason to change on our next visit .
look out chancellor - we 'll be back ! !
loved the chancellor loved it !
perfect location for a trip to san francisco , right on the trolley line and 10 minutes to everything .
yes , the rooms are tiny but if you are spending alot of time in your room you are missing a great city .
super friendly staff , easy check in and out , close secured parking .
free newspapers , coffee and cookies in the lobby , safe area .
if you are a shopper this is your hotel !
great stay !
from making the reservation to checking out , we really enjoyed the chancellor .
great location a few doors up from union square , with the powell street cable car running past the door ( listen to the clanging bells from your room and you know you are in san francisco . )
yes , the rooms are not over - sized but they are not small either .
our room - -901- - had been recently and tastefully renovated .
the things that matter were great : the excellent shower massage , comfortable bed , in - room safe , etc . had two fantastic breakfasts in lucque , the hotel restaurant , ate too many free cookies , and got some great tips from the front desk people . we 'll be back , hopefully much sooner than later .
great place to stay we stayed there for a week in august and it was fantastic - it was our honeymoon and i emailed wes before we left and we had a bottle of wine and a lovely picture frame waiting for us - what a lovely touch .
the staff at reception are great - a girl with dark glasses did a lot of work to print out info on how to get to petaluma so we were very grateful for that - it is so central and perfect for people who want to do some shopping - there is a great bar with good food about 5 mins away called foleys - highly recommend a visit - would stay there again in a heartbeat .
the rooms are clean - not huge - who cares when you can explore the city from somewhere central !
sf is great and so is the chancellor hotel 
great value for your money ! !
we stayed at the chancelor during the weekend of the 40th anniversary of the summer of love .
(1st weekend of september ) and it was great ! .
from the excellent staff to the rooms and the location ; for us everything was great !
the whole staff was extremely helpfull and friendly , the rooms were great and the location was superb !
i was afraid we 'd have to worm our way in the room after reading the rooms were small but this was certainly not the case .
( we had a corner room on the 13th floor ) sure you dont have a whole ton of space but it was more than sufficient for a hotel room .
i think if you want to experience san francisco with their charming historical buildings then this is the place to stay !
if you want a very spacious but nondescript room that could be anywhere in the world then by all means go to one of the large hotel chains .
the water pressure is great in the shower .
the beds are very comfortable .
even though we never used it , the room service menu is reasonable and has a good selection .
everything was very clean and again the staff was extremely helpfull when we had questions or requests .
the days we were there , it was pretty warm ( hot ) outside and even without an ac the room was comfortable .
we absolutely loved san francisco and will certainly come back and stay in the chancellor again ! !
a big thanks to the staff for helping to make this an unforgettable trip ! !
chancellor the best bet in san francisco ever since a friend of mine introduced me to the chancellor hotel on powell street at union square 4 years ago i have not stayed anywhere else in san francisco .
while initially i thought that the location , reasonable rates , easily accessible parking , and comfortable rooms made it special , i have come to recognize that what really sets the chancellor apart is the staff , their helpful attitudes and the exceptional service they provide . my biggest concern is that providing this review will make it more difficult for me to stay in the chancellor for my next trip to san francisco .
this is indeed a special place .
fantastic stay - would definitely return !
my boyfriend and i stayed at the chancellor hotel for 5 days in august .
we selected the chancellor based on the tripadvisor reviews we read beforehand and i have to say that we were not disappointed .
this was our first trip to san francisco and i do not think it will be the last - for all subsequent stays we will choose the chancellor .
location : you could not be better placed to explore the city .
the hotel is right in the middle of union square , giving you easy access to great restaurants , shops and bars .
we found it very easy to walk to all the key areas including chinatown , nob hill , fisherman 's wharf and the financial district and if we did not feel like walking , then the cable car and cabs stopped just outside . room : was exactly what i expected .
bearing in mind the price , you are not going to get 5* luxury but i am exceedingly fussy when it comes to hotels and it ticked pretty much every box for me .
the room was adequately spacious with nice furniture .
the bed was very comfortable and they offer every type of pillow you could possible imagine .
the bathroom was fine too with a great shower and free toiletries .
the room was cleaned daily .
it could get a little warm from time to time , but i found i was cold a lot outside so it was a relief !
a tip though , i would request a room away from powell street as it could get noisy with the cable car right outside .
we were relieved to have a room at the back ! food : we ate at sears for 3 mornings running which i can highly recommend .
however , we ended up using the hotel restaurant for the last 2 mornings and i have to say that i wished we had gone there every day instead !
the food was very good quality , a great selection ( from unhealthy to healthy ) , reasonably priced and the staff were very helpful .
staff : the reception and restaurant staff were exemplary , particularly rory who was very helpful with directions , change and advice for exploring the city .
the tour desk lady was also good , although a little abrupt at times .
we found ourselves using the reception staff more as they always had a smile .
the bar is serviced by their 'employee of the year ' who was good but did not seem to favour the tourists so much , more the regulars !
if you want really friendly service i would go elsewhere .
all in all , this should be your no .1 choice for a hotel whilst staying in san francisco !
a couple of other tips for the city in general : - book a night tour to alcatraz - easily the spookiest way to explore the former prison and escape a majority of the crowds - a wine tour to napa is well worth it - we used san francisco shuttle tours and it was a brilliant day out with a very helpful tour guide ( [ - -] ) -the bay does get cold so bring warm clothes and sensible shoes for all those hills - if you get time , hire bikes from blazing saddles and head over the gg bridge to sausalito which is a beautiful little riverside town - very picturesque .
- sf does not seem to have a late night life - we headed out for a drink at 10pm on a friday night and everywhere was shut !
" amazing ! ! from liverpool with love ! " stayed here during our 2 week stay in usa for our 1st anniversary .
staff are fantastic ! ! nothing too much for them ! ! young lad at reception seemed to work 24 hours a day ! !
he was brilliant ! ! ! great sense of humour ! ! room was perfect ! !
we specifically asked for a room at the front because we wanted the city centre hustle  bustle ! !
we were disappointed because it was really quiet ! !
those that have complained must be narrow minded infrequent travellers who are professional complainers ! !
i have travelled the world and paid $1000's on hotels and it would be great if they were all this good ! ! ! keep up the good work ! ! !
great experience and location this hotel is charming : it is perfectly located in union square on powell street ( with the cable just in front ) .
rooms are very nice ( european like , so a little bit small compared other hotels but quite sufficient ) , cleanness perfect , very friendly staff .
you have free wifi access .
breakfast was delicious ! you have everything located close to the hotel : shopping , book stores , restaurant , and with the cable in the same street it is very convenient to go everywhere . the parking is located 1 block from the hotel ( $22 per day ) , you can have your car whenever you want , it is very convenient given the mess to park in sf . . . .definitively recommend it .
perfect hotel for the perfect trip !
my 12 year - old son and i just got back from a wonderful san francisco getaway which included a great room at the chancellor hotel .
the staff was polite and helpful , the room was clean and very comfortable , the location perfect .
when we return to san francisco next year , we plan to come back to the chancellor .
very satisfied perfect location , updated rooms , and a great staff .
they knew it was my anniversary and i got a bottle of champagne on our arrival .
value - wise this hotel ca not be beat .
the lobby is a bit schmaltzy , but the room was very comfortable .
perfect wi - fi too .
i have no complaints and would definitely stay again .
a great place on union square our recent stay at the chancellor turned out to be a very pleasant experience and a great value for the money .
the reservation clerk at the hotel built a custom package that met our needs perfectly .
the room was on a upper floor and faced powell st . , as requested .
the rooms here are small ( as expected , but it does not rain in s . f . in the summer , so who stays in their room ! )
however , there were multiple amenities , even the promised rubber ducky , the beds were comfy with upgraded linens , the bath was also small , but well - equipped with multiple mirrors , hair dryer , extra towels , etc . and there was a huge closet !
we had a food credit , which we used at the on - site restaurant for breakfast , delicious food and a great server at 7am in the morning !
the desk clerks were exceptionally helpful , always cheerful , and the cookies , tea and coffee were always out .
this hotel has free internet service for guests , so we we were able to print out boarding passes very easily and check email too .
this hotel is also a short walk/bus/bart to just about anywhere you want to get to and the desk clerks will help you figure it out !
we also had a car for part of the stay , the in - and - out was very convenient and the parking garage attendants always pleasant and helpful .
i have stayed in several other hotels around union square and this one beat them out by a mile !
great accommodations and service the chancellor san francisco clearly deserves its great reviews .
the location , service and cleanliness are five stars , and the rooms are good three star rooms in a well maintained boutique hotel .
bottom line , the quality to price ratio cannot be matched .
in a city with overpriced hotel rooms for questionable accommodations , the chancellor is a standout .
superior service all around we just spent 4 wonderful nights at the chancellor hotel from august 5 - 9th .
we were on our honeymoon , upon arrival there was a bottle of wine awaiting us in our room .
the entire staff went above and beyond to meet all of our needs .
i ca not say enough about how polite everyone was .
we owe special thanks to our housekeeper alice , she had found a memory card to our camera we never knew we had lost , it had some of our pictures from our wedding reception on it , we would have been devestated had we gotten home and discovered it missing .
the hotel was exceptional clean and the rooms were more than sufficent as far as size goes .
the location could not have been more perfect , close access to many restuarants , shopping and of course the cable car .
we would definately stay at the chancellor again and again and highly recommend it to anyone visiting the san francisco area . john and betty p . 
amazing hotel in a fantastic location found this hotel through tripadvisor , booked it and then found it was recommended in guide books . this hotel provided everything we imagined and more .
the main criticism on tripadvisor is the rooms are small so we were not sure what to expect on opening the door .
the rooms are not large by american standards but a couple from england disagree !
more than adequate space , enough to fit in a queen size bed and chairs and table with a walk - in closet and ensuite bathroom . the hotel has a certain charm about it which we did not experience in any of our other hotels during our stay .
the restaurant served delicious breakfasts at a reasonable cost .
on arrival we found the hotel 's signature items . . . the plastic duck in the bathroom and monogrammed towels but also candy , sparkling wine and a picture frame .
hotel staff are extremely friendly , helpful and welcoming . union square provides a great location for this hotel , with the cable cars outside the front entrance , with buses , f streetcar and bart a short walk away .
we actually did a lot more walking than expected as union square is superbly located within the city with a lot of the main tourist areas a short walk away - though the hills were incredibly hard work ! would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and we intend to return .
thanks wes for a fantastic stay - we have fallen in love with san francisco and the chancellor . . .
a gem in union square thank you chancellor hotel . the staff was very helpful ( printing out directions for us ) there is a computer in the lobby for use at no charge . i had found the chancellor on trip advisor and booked two rooms for my father - in law and my husband and i .
we had been in monterey for a family wedding and this was our last night before flying home . the rooms are very small but it reminded me of european hotels but this one is much nicer than what i stayed at in paris .
the rooms were newley refirbished and very very clean and fresh .
very tastefuly decorated and we loved the curtians that keep out the early morning light .
the hotel offers several types of pillows you can chose from if you do not like the ones in your room and its free ! ! .
think of down , hypoallergic , scented and many more . the beds have tailored bedding with down comforters .
the room has no a/c but a celing fan and the windows opened up to let in lot 's of air .
you do need to close them at night as the city is loud , unless you like that .
yet , when they are closed you do not hear a thing .
impressive windows .
the room has a safe , iron  board , soaps , shampoos etc and the signature yellow rubber duck for the bath .
we were well taken care of and i would highly recomend the chancelor . . . as long as you do not need a large room and like spotless and cozy comfort . .
they may have larger rooms i did not ask but i am sure the excellent staff at the chancelor hotel would be happy to help .
they also offer portable spas for your in room bath .
they charge a small fee but i am sure after a busy day in the city a little in - room pampering at such a reasonable fee is worth it .
on another note , the cable cars pass by the hotel and you can purchase a day pass for $11.00 vs . $5.00 per ride .
the hotel offers valet parking and they had our car back to us very quickly in the morning . . thanks .
union square is perfect for us who do not want to be in the touristy warf area and the chancellor hotel gets a big a plus from me .
many thanks to wes the manager . . . . : ) 
great place to stay - very professiol and helpful staff my wife and i stayed here for 2 days in early august .
we were very happy and would stay here again .
the hotel while old does have quite a bit of charm .
the ceiling fans could work better .
i did mention this to the staff and they sent up a floor fan .
this more than did the job and hardly took up any floor space .
someone wrote that this hotel is too far from fishermans wharf .
this is true but if someone could write that in an online review , they also could have checked and seen this online .
the cable car to fishermans wharf is across the street and the bus is a 5 minute walk .
the location is across from union square on a main street .
very hard to beat .
we stayed on the 10th floor and did not have an issue with street noise by any means .
the closet space is also extra large .
while the rooms are not large by any means , the space is more than adequate .
i have stayed in rooms that have less space and much smaller showers .
bottom line is you get good value , a good location , good staff and a good room .
we would not hesitate to stay here again on a future trip .
extraordinary hotel  my wife and i just returned from our summer vacation trip to san francisco .
this year , we stayed six nights at the chancellor hotel after reading many excellent reviews of the property on tripadvisor .
the hotel far exceeded our expectations .
we stayed in room 1000, requesting this particular room after reading reviews indicating how nice a room it was .
the hotel graciously granted our room request .
the room overlooked powell street , and on a clear day , we could see the ferry building clock tower .
the ceiling fan combined with an open window provided more than adequate air circulation .
the sounds of cable cars and street traffic were all part of the sf experience and were welcomed by my wife and me .
many people have noted the excellent location of the chancellor with respect to shopping , tourist attractions , restaurants , etc . . .
all of this is very true .
we used mass transit ( cable cars , streetcars , muni trains and buses ) to go wherever we wished to go .
this was very economical (7 day muni passport ) and convenient .
we took advantage of the giants baseball package on two of the days of our visit .
this not only allowed us to have terrific field level seating for the baseball games , but also provided us with food/beverage credits in the hotel restaurant and bar .
we ate breakfast in luques restaurant ( within the hotel ) on three different mornings .
the food was excellent ( especially the french toast ) and the restaurant staff very pleasant .
in fact , the entire hotel staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome and at home .
our room was more than adequate in size for two adults .
the safe within the room was a very nice feature as was the extra large closet , and the housekeeping service was excellent .
the hotel staff was gracious enough to store our luggage during the day we checked out until late afternoon since our flight home was a late night flight .
it was a pleasure indeed to meet wes tyler on the afternoon of our departure .
wes is to be commended for running such a terrific hotel .
on future trips to san francisco , my wife and i would not dream of staying anywhere other than the chancellor .
great location we stayed here from the 12th -15th july .
the location is great with lots of shops and restaurants nearby . our room was smallish but had a view of union square . the staff were terrific and could not do enough for us .
we made good use of the free tea and coffee , free cookies and use of the internet .
this is a super hotel in a great location that offered excellent value for money .
great central location stayed five days at the chancellor hotel , great location , great weather , close to everything , shopping , siteseeing , trolleys , union square , china town and easy access by trolley to pier 39 and the waterfront .
did not use a car during our stay .
selected the chancellor hotels from several in the area due to non smoking hotel , no pets allowed , and for discount given for 5 day stay .
the best value of the ones considered . staff was attentive and helpfull and provided suggestions on restaurants , transportation and events in the area .
restaurant in hotel was convenient and great for breakfast . room was mid level at the rear of the hotel , as per our request , it was well furnished , quiet , clean , good size for an older establishment with a large closet , window opened for fresh air .
we look forward to a return trip to san francisco and staying at the chancellor hotel .
a super hotel this is a great hotel .
the staff are friendly and welcoming .
they helped us out with our queries .
we had an average sized room with a very comfortable bed .
the location is great , right near one of the tram stops and close to restaurants and shopping .
the room was kept really clean .
you can help yourself to coffee , tea and cookies in the reception area and there is nice bar for a drink at the end of the day .
sweets in the room were a nice touch .
i would definately stay here again .
excellent service i stayed at the chancellor hotel from july 10-14.
i was on the 13th floor in a corner room overlooking powell .
there was a nice view of union square from the room .
it is right in the center of things with lots within walking distance .
there were numerous clerks that were very friendly and helpful with advice on all manner of things and were available all hours .
also , gray line will stop here for pickups .
on a saturday , i checked out at 5:30 a . m . and cabs drive by so frequently i had one within minutes .
i would highly recommend .
terriffic hotel my wife and i just completed a 5 night stay for the all star game .
we ca not say enough about how well run this hotel is .
we have travelled extensively in the u . s . and europe for the past 40 years , and have seldom experienced a hotel that pays as much attention to detail as this one does .
we stayed in room 1004, which was just renovated , and very quiet .
the staff was very attentive , and very responsive to all of our requests . believe all of the good things about this hotel that you have read here .
we stayed in the chancellor hotel in june , 2007 and had a wonderful experience .
the front desk staff were extremely friendly and helpful , and the hotel lobby and bar were nice .
our room (1203) far exceeded our expectations .
the decor was very tastefully done , and the bed and bedding very extremely comfortable .
we found out upon check out that our room had recently been redecorated .
so if you reserve a room , i recommend that you request a refurbished room .
the other rooms may be nice as well , but we were extremely happy with ours .
we booked our room through expedia for $99/night + taxes .
the location could not be beat !
we were right on union square , and the trolley stopped right in front of the building .
city busses were also very accessible and take you pretty much anywhere you need to go .
great bars and restaurants abound !
go to dottie 's true blue cafe (522 jones st ) for a great breakfast ! traffic in that area is a little crazy .
if you are driving a car , there is a hotel loading/unloading zone in front of the hotel ( going south on powell street ) .
park your car there , unload your bags , and request parking instructions from the front desk staff .
they 'll give you a map to the parking garage , which is just around the corner .
parking is $25/day in that garage .
great stay at chancellor hotel my husband and i recently spent a weekend at this hotel and really enjoyed ourselves .
the location was great and the staff was nice .
my husband enjoyed the free coffee and i enjoyed the free cookies .
the rooms were small , but they were clean and had everything we needed to enjoy our stay .
thanks to everyone that wrote about this hotel because that is how we came to pick this hotel .
i highly recommend this hotel .
loved the chancellor !
we stayed at the chancellor from june 27th to july 1st , it was our first trip to san francisco and we booked the hotel due to the good reviews on trip advisor . we were not disappointed . . . . . this hotel was great , perfect for us .
it had a lot of character and the staff were so helpful and pleasant .
i had booked directly with the manager , wes tyler and got a good rate and at the time of booking had requested a room on a high floor with a view of union square .
we got a room on the 15th ( top ) floor at the front of the hotel with a great view ( thanks wes ! ! ! ) .
the room was spacious and had a huge cupboard which took both our cases .
the room was clean and comfortable and we had a great stay .
alicia in the bar was very helpful and answered all our queries on bars/restaurants to visit .
the lady on the tour desk arranged our shuttle back to the airport and provided information on busses and cable cars - we bought a 3 day muni pass for $18 each - excellent value ! if we ever return to san francisco we will definitely stay at the chancellor !
it is a lovely hotel . helen 
what ! ! !
no a/c ?
first off , i ca not believe this hotel does not have a/c , geesh !
also , only 2 elevators ?
what 's up with that ?
the rooms were so small and the outside noise was unbearable and what is up with the paper thin walls ?
i could hear everything my neighbor was saying !
we nearly starved in the morning by their non - existent breakfast , cookies and coffee only !
to top it all off , we were harassed by a vagrant outside the hotel ! ok , none of that is true .
did i trick you wes ?
i read every single review before visiting this hotel and researched the hotel 's web site and others .
i got exactly what i expected and we had a great time .
i am always hot , but there really is no need for a/c in sf .
we actually closed the window at night because it was a little chilly .
i ca not see a need for anymore than 2 elevators ?
we never had to wait more than a minute or two for it to come .
the rooms were a bit small compared to other hotels i 've stayed , but we spend only sleeping time in the room .
even if we spent more time in the room , i do not believe i would have a problem with the size .
yes , when the window is open , it is very noisy outside , but i enjoyed it .
i live in a quiet suburb and it was exciting having the business of the city right outside .
when i did want it quiet , we closed the window and hardly heard a thing , we were on the 6th floor not the 15th .
i 'm not sure what people are talking about paper thin walls .
our walls in room 600 were solid masonry .
maybe we did not have any neighbors during our stay , but i could not imagine it being noisy still .
the hotel never advertised any breakfast of any kind , so this was not a shock .
but the cookies were delicious and we had one everyday , i 'm not a coffee drinker , so that did not bother me .
sears fine food next door has a great breakfast .
and yes , there are homeless people and street entertainers on the streets of san francisco that will ask for money , but i do not know if there are any hotels in sf that can say this wo not be the case . overall it was a great stay and like most people have said , the rooms are clean , the staff is helpful ( all of the staff i encountered spoke english very well ) , it 's a great value and great location .
if you do just a little research , you will have no surprises .
the last thing too , any hotel with a gm who cares enough to read all these reviews and takes action is the gm of a hotel i 'd like to stay .
very nice hotel and staff we really couldnt ask for anything better , we had a great stay and the price was right .
we have stayed at alot of hotels that cost alot more and recieved alot less .
the chancellor had everything we needed in the way of comfort , location and service .
the staff was great they were very friendly and helpfull .
the room was very comfortable , clean and quiet and had just been newly remodeled .
we were walking distance to almost everything and the trolly stop was right outside the door .
the hotel is older which adds to its charm but it is maintained and kept as well as any 5 star hotel that we have stayed in .
thanks to everyone at the chancellor for a wonderful time .
jim  holli m . kansas city 
spectacular in san fran ! ! ! ! ! ! what an amazing place to stay in san francisco .
i do not know what i can say that has not been said on here by hundreds of other posters .
the location is amazing , simply central to everything .
cable car right outside your door .
what i can offer is that i really do not understand people who have posted on here and complained the rooms are too small .
it is a nicely sized room for a boutique hotel of its vintage and quite honestly still comparable to many rooms that are much much newer .
bless you all that read and post on this site but i think too many of you , especially those of us here on the west coast have been spoiled by the luxury suites in las vegas and compare those to regular hotels .
remember , those are suites and they 're primary goal is to get you into their hotel so that you gamble and leave all your money behind .
i found the staff to be extraordinary , they never tried to upsell me anything , whether it be tours , upgrade rooms or even their room service or restaurant .
in fact i asked several of the staff for advice on numerous things and they always suggested what would be the easiest and cheapest way of doing things .
i found that very refreshing .
they spoke to me as a friend and not some pre - rehearsed routine like so many of the big hotels do .
they were not trying to take my money , they were trying to help me enjoy my whole san francisco experience .
i 'm not sure what general manager wes tyler puts in their water , but whatever it is . . . it works .
they entire staff has bought into it and the funny thing about it is , i think he 's told them to just be themselves and not worry about impressing the guests . . . but i am impressed .
as i mentioned earlier , this hotel is everything you need or want , the location is great , the rooms are great , the rooms are spotless ( big thing for me ) the amenities are great but most of all the people and service here is second to none .
i thoroughly enjoyed my stay here and i hope that mr . tyler has some big plans to celebrate the chancellor 's 95th and 100th birthdays because i will definitely be back . ! ! ! !
great expectations exceeded chose to stay here in march on the back of the excellent reviews on tripadvisor .
there is not a lot to add that has not been said so many times before .
great service ; great location ; great value !
it 's not perfect but then where is ?
what is not in doubt is that wes tyler is totally customer focused and he runs an outstanding operation in which his staff follow his great example . on the subject of his example , i e - mailed a couple of weeks before my stay to ask for a high floor room with a view of union square if possible and specifically said there was no need for a reply - i was confident he would accomodate me if possible .
in response got a personal reply from wes in less than 24 hours ( he was on holiday in scotland at the time ! ) to say he would do his best to sort it .
the result . . .a room on the top floor of the hotel with a great view of us ! do not be put off by the minority who find fault - this is a great place to stay in san francsico and i would not consider staying somewhere else . thank you wes for a fantastic stay - keep up the great work .
nice hotel : great location , friendly staff , decent price my wife and i stayed here in early june of 2007.
the location is very convenient - on powell st , right on union square , along the cable car line .
sears fine food ( an excellent breakfast restaurant ) is right next door , and of course , there are all kinds of stores all around union square .
we choose to pay for valet , which was convenient , but be aware it takes ~20 minutes to get your car - just plan ahead .
the room itself was small , but adequate .
nothing too fancy , but nothing unsatisfactory either .
do not expect elegance , if you want that , go somewhere else .
this hotel 's strengths are its location , decent price , convenience , and friendly staff .
we had a very good experience overall and would stay here again .
we paid $160/night , with valet included .
best buy in san fran !
what a combination .
the coolest , mellowest front desk staff always eager to help . rooms that were a tad small but totally functional , quite stylish , and beds more comfortable than i would 've imagined for a hotel that is such a value . i still am amazed by what a deal this place is .
literally steps from union square and right next to everything , including being right on the trolley line !
if that were not enough , just follow the street down and bam ! there 's the bart station .
i only got to stay one night but next time i plan on spending a week . the only negative is the smell of the lobby , it is quite old and musty no doubt .
the room hallways too smell musty , however the rooms smell like . . . hold your breath . . . twizzlers .
appreciated the ceiling fan ! very nice touch . great clock radios complete with cd player and aux in for mp3 players ! and i thought i would not get any sleep because of all the street noise down below . . . but the window when closed made the room sound like a tomb ! also i 'm glad i got up before 10 am on my own because there was drilling and hammering going on in a room close to me around this time .
but whatever , small price to pay for all this plus free wi - fi .
will definitely return to the chancellor hotel we have just returned from a fantastic weekend in san fran .
june 1st - 3rd .
the chancellor hotel was great , i would not hesitate to recommend it .
we received a warm welcome from the desk staff , and found our room ( #1205 ) to be exactly as expected , only cleaner .
every thing was spotless , even the fire escape outside our window was as clean as the inside of the building .
we were welcomed by a personlized note from wes and the staff waiting for us inside our room , together with a bottle of wine and a picture frame .
i have read some of the reviews on this site so i will add my comments regarding some of the complaints .
we heard very little from other hotel guests while inside our room , only the occasional door opening and closing .
the room did get a little warm but the ceiling fan took care of that and my husband and i had no trouble sleeping .
the room is not large , but we had no problem with space , the closet was spacious enough for all of our luggage as well as our purchases , so the room remained uncluttered and plenty big enough for the amount of time we spent there .
we helped ourselves to coffee in the lobby , and found that to be very convenient , along with the cookies and fruit , which were always available .
the woman at the tour desk helped us with all of our transportation needs very effieciently .
all in all , i am happy to say , this hotel was a great choice and i will definitely be back .
to wes and your wonderful staff , thank you for a memorable weekend !
fantastic hotel - highly recommended this place is one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in .
it has an excellent location on union square , the rooms while relatively small ( it is a boutique hotel after all ) are very well designed and really clean , with a safe , tv and cd player in each room . the staff are so nice and friendly - they just ca not do enough for you .
mao in the restaurant ( great breakfasts by the way ! ) , alicia in the bar ( free popcorn was fab ! ) , matt the bellboy and susie on the tour desk to name a few were all so good to us - no request was too much .
the free coffee , cookies and fruit in reception is a great touch . all in all this was the best hotel we stayed in on our tour of the states .
i was very satisfied at the chancellor while visiting graduate schools in the bay area , my son and i stayed two nights at the chancellor hotel .
we were very pleased with our reception from the front desk to the housekeeping .
everyone was pleasant , accommodating , and professional . we were on the thrird floor front , and the street noise really was not bad .
so many complaints about the rooms being small must be from very large people .
granted you 'r not sleeping in a handball court , but there was more than ample room for the two od us , our bags etc . . . .
i have no complaints , and would return again .
by the way , the cookies are fantastic !
chancellor a grand place my husband and i stayed at the chancellor hotel may 5th - may 12th .
we had a fabulous time .
the rooms were lovely and clean .
the staff friendly , polite and knowledgeable .
we were originally assigned a room on the 14th floor , but after 2 nights reguested a room on a lower floor , our reguest was met with no guestions and we were moved to the 5th floor ( my husband likes to take the stairs ) , our bags were even moved for us while we were out enjoying san francisco .
we had a room facing union square and the bells of the cable cars , the saxaphone player and sounds all a part of the grand experience of san francisco .
the sounds were easily diminished by closing the window .
the staff in the lounge and restaurant were also very friendly .
the 9 dollar breakfast in the restaurant more then enough for one person , and delicious .
my only word of advise is if you are allergic to wool , have them remove the blanket from your bed .
i acquired a rash on my legs i believe to be a reaction to the wool blanket .
this is in no way a negative regarding the hotel , just a helpful hint .
my experience at the chancellor hotel fantastic ! ! my kudos to wes tyler and his staff for their great hotel .
great place very nice experience .
great staff .
i was there by myself for one night .
not a place for kids , rooms are probably a bit to small for their energy level .
although the rooms are small they are very clean and comfortable .
this is an older building that is lovingly cared for .
the location is perfect for the single / couple looking to explore san francisco .
for the price , its the best deal going near union square and right on the trolly line .
fantastic ! ! ! !
we stayed at the chancellor for 5 nights from april 27- may2 and had a fantastic time . the hotel is situated just off union square and is a 5-10 min walk from the powell bart station (20min ride to airport ) .
it has a central location for all of sf . we were on the top floor and overlooked union sq and had views to the water . check in was quick and efficient .
the room was of a good size and there was a complimentry bottle of wine and a nice photo frame for us .
it was clean and the bed was very comfy .
shower was good and toilets and towels were also spotless . .the room also had a free of charge safe deposit box in it . we didnt eat in the hotel at breakfast as everyone seemed to reccomend sear fine food nexy door and after going there i can see why ! ! . i would advise to contact the chancellor general manager wes tyler first to see what deal he can give you , thats what we did and it was cheaper than the websites . i would reccommend this hotel and when we go back to san francisco we will definatley stay there again ! !
chacellor hotel my daughter and i stayed at the chancellor hotel for six nights and it was perfect .
our room had ample space for two women with lots of luggage .
the walk - in closet kept the room very tidy and had plenty of room for storage of our luggage .
the single feather beds were verycomfortable .
i especially like that the blanket was wrapped with two sheets .
not all hotels have caught on to this idea yet but the chancellor has .
there is also a down duvet on top of each bed .
the room was cleaned daily .
coffee and tea are available all day in the lobby .
i took traveling mugs and my own tea bags with me so just went downstairs and filled them up with hotwater and was set to start my day .
( americans are not known for tea so i always travel with my own ) the front desk staff were very helpful with giving directions .
the chancellor is in a perfect location for city transit . the street car stops right outside the door .
market street is a shortdownhill walk from the hotel where all of the other buses we needed were .
we never got lost ! !
we booked all of our tours on - line from home or from the computer available in the front lobby .
the internet was always available to us when we needed it .
we did purchase a muni 7 day pass in the hotel lobby .
my daughter had hers pickpocketed from her on our first day in the city .
so please be careful .
the passwas the same price at the hotel as it is at the terminals .
the woman that works at the information booth in the lobby is very cute and warned us about where to be especially careful in the city when it comes to pick pockets .
we did pay a premium price for the room but went at a peak time .
the hotel suited our needs and i would recommendit especially due to the location .
on our last night we treated ourselves to spa treatments right next door at the lux salon .
very reasonable prices and delightful employees .
great honeymoon !
stayed for four night at the chancellor after reading all the wonderful reviews on this forum .
it was great !
i requested for a newer room as it was our honeymoon , and we got room 1003.
we had a bottle of champagne and a jr of sweets upon our arrival .
i think this equates to service any 5 star hotel gives .
in fact , maybe even more !
unless you are staying in the honeymoon or presidentail suite , how many other hotels give complimentary champagne ?
beautiful room .
good size .
comfy bed .
loved their pillow menu !
the bathroom was a bit small , but really really spotlessly clean .
never got to try their tub though . all the extra touches makes this hotel really special , eg the pillow menu which i had mentioned , the rubber duckie .
was a little disappointed that we were not told there was complimentaty choc chip cookies and apples and popcorn at the lobby .
guess we should have kept our eyes open .
did not realise it until the last few moments when we were waiting for our shuttle in the lobby .
would have been nice if the front desk mentioned it to us upon our check in .
would have made our stay a lot more fun - to come back to this wonderful hotel and grab a cookie on the way up to our room : ) but nevertheless , great hotel with a more - than - fair price .
the so - called noise di not bother us at all .
why would anyone complain about falling asleep to the bells of the cable cars ?
loved this hotel i just returned from my first trip to san francisco this past week .
i just want to say that my stay at the chancellor was the best .
i booked my room thru expedia and got a fantastic rate .
as a single woman traveling alone it is very important to me to be located in a central area and also feel safe and secure .
after doing research on the internet i felt like the chancellor was the hotel for me .
the location is the best - right on the cable car line and right in the middle of great shopping and restaurants .
yes , the rooms are on the small size but i did not come to san francisco to stay iin my room .
i was usually out and on the go by 8:00 each morning and did 't get back to late in the evening .
i did not have any trouble with the walls being too thin .
the beds were very comfortable and the large bathtub was great .
i did not eat in the hotel restaurant but did enjoy the cookies and coffee in the lobby .
everytime i had a question about the city i found the front desk to be very courteous and helpful .
i had a wonderful time in sf and if i go there again , i will stay at the chancellor without a doubt .
great value and a great hotel we returned to the chancellor at the end of our touring holiday in california because we liked it so much , and it was very good value at such a great location ( union square ) .we had booked a special package ( romance on the square ) with champagne , chocolates and an 11th floor room overlooking the square .
the price included free cable car tickets and huge breakfasts there was unlimited free cofffe , tea and biscuits also free email access .
when we returned , they gave us a suite on the top (15th ) floor with a four - poster bed and 2 tvs  bathrooms . the hotel staff were very helpful and friendly , and the rooms were beautifully decorated . the location was perfect for sightseeing , shopping and for getting to  from the airport by bart train - an airport shuttle bus is also available . stay there - you 'll be glad you did !
charming chancellor hotel my husband and i just spent 4 nigths at the chancellor hotel on union square and absolutely loved it !
the hotel was clean and charming with coffee , tea , cookies and fruit available in the lobby 24 hours a day .
the staff was friendly and helpful .
the location . . . perfect !
all lines of public transportation are readily accessible .
dim sum in chinatown is within walking distance as is great shopping !
on thursday and friday artists filled the square with their wares .
i cannot say enough wonderful things about the chancellor . . . it is the ideal spot for a couple 's getaway ! i would recommend getting a muni pass .
we made our money back in one day and the passes were good for three days .
also highly recommend sears restaurant next door for a hearty breakfast that will last you through dinner !
perfect stay we stayed for two nights at the chancellor and could not have been more pleased with the location , the rooms and the price .
it 's in a central location - - right in the middle of union square which has lots of great shopping .
it is next door to sears fine food and across the street from saks fifth avenue .
we easily walked to china town , north beach , ferry plaza farmers market and san francisco museum of modern art .
although small , the rooms were spotless and quiet ( we requested rooms in the back ) .
the price was excellent - - we will definitely stay there on next trip to sf . do not miss dottie 's true blue cafe for breakfast - - it 's awesome !
perfect hotel for us ! !
i would highly recommend this hotel .
as a first time traveler to san francisco this hotel could not of been in a more perfect spot !
it was wonderful to catch the trolley right outside the hotel , and be able to hit all of the tourist attractions !
yes the rooms are small , but very neat , and clean .
plus there is so much to do and see in san francisco that you dont spend a whole lot of time in the room anyway !
the staff were extremely helpful , and courteous .
when we arrived they noticed that our reservations were made for twin beds , and offered to switch my husband and i to a queen room , without us even asking .
we wouldnt think of staying anywhere else but the chancellor , you cant beat the price , especially for the location ! ! thanks for wonderful experience .
perfect choice ! ! !
this reservation was made by a mom for her daughter who is a senior in college .
i wanted a safe , clean place for two 22 year old girls going to the big city for spring break !
after much research , the chancellor hotel was selected .
it was perfect !
the girls loved the quiet corner room on the 10th floor because of the huge closet and comfy beds .
they thought it had just been redecorated !
the location was primo for their mission of shopping  sightseeing !
i wish to thank the gm , mr . wes tyler , for making their stay a little more special , too .
they have already decided to make the chancellor hotel their home base when they return to san francisco as will i when i visit san francisco .
excellent example of an intimate small hotel !
having just returned from a seven night stay at the chancellor i wanted to share my experience with everyone here at tripadvisor .
the chancellor hotel was a wonderful find !
it exceeded or expectations .
it sounds too good to be true . . . but it 's not ! ! ! !the chancellor has an old world charm unlike the sterile chain hotels .
it is charming with an intimate feeling , small enough to feel at home but right in the heart of the city , accessible to everything .
the staff was friendly and welcoming , informative and efficient . there are so many touches that make the hotel special .
first , and foremost , it is clean and well cared for with much attention to detail .
ammenities such as comfortable beds , a pillow menu , ceiling fans , a walk in - closet with with a safe , a portable heater , iron and ironing board and an umbrella , plus ample room for hanging clothes as well as storing luggage .
the bathroom had a soaking tub complete with bath salts and fine toiletries ( as well a a rubber ducky ! ) . there were sweets and coffee in the room as well as delicious italian roast coffee , cookies and apples in the lobby , along with free newspapers and wifi computer access .
all make it exceptional in my opinion . i had the good fortune of communicating with wes tyler , the general manager , on the forum before our trip and he went out of his way to make our stay at the chancellor very special . my biggest disappointment was that we were not able to meet him and thank him personally because he was away during our visit .
perhaps next time !
and there will be a next time ! we may have been spoiled by the suite of rooms we were given on the 15th floor but we found no problem with the size of our accomodations .
given that is an older hotel we expected something smaller .
and there was not much more you could ask for . . . all the ammeneties you could ask for were there .
and add to all of that location , location , location ! being right on union square on the powell street cable car line !
we had great weather and had the windows open all week and were able to enjoy the sounds of the city that make it so unique .
even the local street musician playing the saxaphone put us to sleep at night . there are so many things to say about san francisco and the chancellor in particular i could go on and on but i 'll save some of that for other sections of the forum . i do want to mention , however , that if you are staying in the city you will not have to rent a car .
just get a muni passport (1,3 or7 days ) .
it offers you unlimited accessto all muni transportation ( buses , streetcars , trollies , and also includes the cable cars ! ! ! ! ) ( although we are afraid the muni might go broke considering we rode everything and went everywhere for our 7 day $24.00 passport ! ! ! ) kudos to the chancellor , the staff and especially to wes tyler .
great place to stay this hotel is absolutely fantastic because of the combination of price , location and service .
the rooms are very nice - clean , comfy and quiet .
the staff is very friendly .
they have free wifi connectivity and use of the internet is free .
the coffee on the first floor is also very nice .
the concierge lady was very helpful ( do not forget to tip ! ) . also , the sears food place next door is one of the top 10 places to eat in sf - great pancakes !
truely a home away from home  my husband and i chose this hotel 11/06 for a pre - cruise accomodation since it is only 25 min from the sf airport and 10 min from the cruise port .
we also had easy access to fisherman 's wharf , 10 min from chinatown and in the heart of downtown sf . our visit proved to be quite memorable and the hotel exceeded our expectations .
we chose to book again 2/07 with our very picky relatives .
initially , we were skeptical since the hotel was an older building , smaller rooms and not a big chain hotel , which they were use to . again , the hotel met all expectations .
my relatives commented : this hotel had character and charm , the room size was of little importance since it had the necessities of making it a comfortable stay , the staff was extremely helpful with booking our dinner reservations with a vip card , booking our sf city tour at a reduced rate and being available when needed . if you want something different than the normal hotel chain room and service . . . .this is the place to stay .
you will feel like you have found your home away from home . . . .
excellent location .
excellent value .
perfect location on union square 
as good as the new york algonquin at a third of the price !
we spent three nights at the chancellor during march break and not only did it meet our expectations but went beyond .
upon arrival in the bright elegant lobby , the very pleasant and efficient check - in clerk welcomed us an assigned us a room on the seventh floor .
unfortunately when we arrived the door was open displaying electrical tools on the floor and cables whichmeant that someone was working on something in the room .
we returned to the front desk where apologies flowed from the clerk and a new room was immediately assigned to us at the back of the building ( blissfully quiet ! ) on the 2nd floor .
the beds were very comfortable ( single twins ) ,l the room small but elegantly furnished and the bathroom also small spotless with a jet - flushtoilet and a shower with superb water pressure .
my friend immediately remarked the similarity of the chancellor to the algonquin hotel in new york without the exorbitant cost ( our rate was $92.75 a night ) or the pretentious attitude .
little luxurytouches abounded such as the free wi - fi for your laptop ( there is also a terminal in the lobby for guests with a printer that 's free to use ) the jar of candies on the table , the excellent first rate bathroom toiletries , the safe in the closet , the ceiling fan , pay for play movies that literally were still on at the theatres when we were there ( dreamgirls , children of men . .etc ) , the pillow menu , the free coffee and tea and cookies and muffins ( all wonderful if you are not a big breakfast person as we are not first thing in the a . m . ) and a choice of free newspapers .
all ofthe staff without exception were courteous , professional and knowledgeable . in fact the sign of a good hotel in my estimation , is one where you actually look forward to returning to at day 's end earlier rather than later .
the little bar in the lobby is a good place for an aperitif before going out for the evening and just as nice for one 's morning coffee while poring over that day 's paper . the location of the hotel is unbeatable .
on powell street at union square , it is a five minute downhill walk to the powell st bart and muni transit systems and to the terminus of the cable cars that everyone should travel at least once on .
as we were there for three days we bought muni passports for $18.00 each and good for three days .
seeing that a single ride on a cable caris $5.00, we saved a bundle as we travelled the very user friendly transit system constantly .
also at union square is the half - price theatre ticket booth where we got tickets for beach blanket babylon , the hysterically funny musical revue that is an institution in san francisco .
it is not to be missed !
restaurants abound in the area , however a lot of them seemed to be designed for tourists .
we avoided them and had some wonderful meals off the beaten path but never more than a ten or twelve minute cable car or bus ride away . may i wholeheartedly suggest the laid back and casual north beach lobster shack (532 green st ) where we had delectable maine lobsters ( two 1  1/4lb lobster dinners for $50.00) , the amazing swan oyster depot on polk and california for lunch ( not open for dinner ) where the cracked crab , shrimp and oysters are the freshest anywhere and scrumptious ( be prepared to line up as it only seats about twenty people at a counter but it is worth every minute of the wait ) , brandy ho 's on columbus for excellent and inexpensive hunan style chinese cuisine ( their dumplings are wonderful ! )
and the zuni cafe ( another san francisco gourmet institution ) on market and gough for a high end smart casual lunch or dinner .
they are famous for chicken for two which is roasted chicken with a bread salad dressing and which is jaw droppingly delectable . .
a dinner for two with appetizers , main course and drinksand coffee ( no dessert , as we were full ) came to under $100.00. . within an eight minute walk from the hotel , we also discovered a wonderful indonesian restaurant on post st , aptly named the indonesia where everything we had was very delicious . we had a wonderful experience in one of our favorite cities and it was in no small part to the charm and comfort of the chancellor .
great location great value we stayed at this hotel for three nights in march 2007 after reading reviews by others on trip advisor .
the hotel was really good value and in a superb location just minutes away from union square .
the staff were friendly and helpful and the room was small but decor was good , bed very comfortable and bathroom fine .
a 'walk - in ' cupboard was useful for stashing cases and had a safe , ironing board and iron and a portable heater for chilly nights .
just a few yards away was lori 's diner which was fun and inexpensive and the sears restaurant withthe 'world famous l8 pancake breakfast '!
great shopping in the area and the new mall westfield had an elegant nordstrum store with a curving escalator right up to the lounge beneath the dome on the 4th floor with comfy seats for a rest between shopping .
for those with less to spend try ross a few stores along for real bargains - also kaplans govt .
surplus store which sells genuine levi 501's for $27.
do not miss a short walk to maiden lane to see a fabulous frank lloyd wright building , and a walk around chinatown - choose the 'gift supermarket ' to buy your souvenirs at rock bottom prices with nobody hassling you . keep a few dollars available for the homeless beggars who sell the newsheet on the streets in this area .
highly recommend the chancellor hotel on union square ! ! ! ! our stay at the chancellor hotel on union square was excellent !
the staff was friendly and helpful , the room was clean and comfortable , and the location was outstanding as the cable cars ride past the front of the hotel .
there are so many nice restaurants and shops near the hotel and the location is extremely safe .
we will definitely go back to the chancellor when we return to san francisco later this year !
it was perfect we stayed midweek , one night .
when i called , the employee gave us the parking/room pkg for $10 less than the internet price i was calling about .
all staff were very friendly ; room was very clean and although it 's an older hotel , it has modern amenities , including an updated cd/radio with plug for ipod .
if you are a bath person , you will love the deep and long tub .
they even provided a package of bath salts !
the bathroom was small , but the tub made up for room size and it was not so small to make one uncomfortable .
we 've had much smaller bathrooms in europe and in bbs .
the location was perfect - we never needed our car .
by all means , get the parking pkg .
the parking garage sign showed $27 for 24 hours parking .
we paid $116 ( plus tax ) for the room , including parking .
you have to drive your car to the lot yourself and walk back to hotel , but that 's ok becuz the garage was a very short walk from the hotel .
we will stay there again and were surprised that we could get such a perfect location and more than decent hotel for that price .
what a great location and a nice hotel !
the hotel exceeded our expectations !
we stayed in a room with a beautiful view of union square on the 15th floor .
we loved being in the middle of the city , the cable cars run right outside of the hotel 's front doors and the location could not be better !
the hotel is situated right by union square , which is central to everything in the city and very easy to get around .
we loved all of the shopping that surrounded the hotel , right next door is a border 's which came in handy when i needed to buy a book to read .
overall , the hotel staff was very friendly , free cookies and coffee are definitely a plus !
before we went , i emailed with wes , the manager , and he was extremely helpful in answering my questions .
he told me how to get to the hotel from the airport ( take bart ) and we also got a nice surprise when we got to our room !
i told him that it was my husband 's birthday weekend and also our six months wedding anniversary , so we had a bottle of wine and a picture frame waiting for us in our room with a gorgeous view !
we would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to all of our friends .
loved it great location , lovely top floor room , free internet and coffee in the lobby , helpful , friendly staff - what more do you need ?
stayed here for 5 nights and really could not fault it .
would highly recommend 
great hotel , great location , amazing value i stayed at the chancellor hotel for 7 days last week and could not have been more satisfied with my stay .
the hotel is perfectly situated , well - maintained and very affordable given its superb location .
the staff are very friendly and helpful .
the extra touches ( ex .
cookies - those yummy cranberry ones ! ; rubber ducky in bathroom ; pillow menu , etc . ) are great too .
i will be recommending this hotel to all my friends/colleagues who are planning trips to the bay area .
excellent value for business traveller an excellent value for what it is - a three star hotel .
though the rooms are a bit small and showing their age and the lobby a bit utilitarian , the chancellor works hard to provide four/five star amenities in the room ( iron , safe ) and lobby ( cookies , concierge , etc . ) .
great location .
i recommend the hotel room and parking 'bundle ' - very convenient .
strictly self - service which i prefer .
check in , check out , delivery of the car all handled perfectly .
i probably would not stay there with my family , but i would definitely stay there again on my own .
just perfect : ) my husband and i loved staying at the chancellor hotel when we visited san francisco for the first time last june .
we are planning on going again this year , and plan on staying there again .
the service was perfect , and we loved the charm of the building as well as the friendly people who worked there .
the selection of pillows was awesome .
i also loved the soaking tub , which i used every night after a long day of walking all over the city .
the bed was very comfortable , and i thought the size of the room was just fine for two people .
great hotel for the money we just returned for a long weekend celebrating my wife 's birthday in san francisco .
we decided to stay at the chancellor based on the reviews we read on trip advisor .
we were not disappointed . it is true that this is an older property and the rooms are small , but they are spotlessly clean and very comfortable .
the rooms have nice touches that you would expect in a more expensive hotels like safes and umbrellas for use if it rains .
there is a selection of different kinds of pillows that you can ask for which was nice . the staff was excellent .
they were not only willing to help us , they were eager to help us .
even the maintenance man who spotted me looking for the ice machine on our first night stopped what he was doing to show me where it was located . a few weeks before our trip , i emailed wes tyler , the general manager , and told him we were coming for my wife 's birthday and asked if we could have a room on one of the upper floors with a view of union square .
when we arrived , we got not only the room we wanted , but it had a bottle of complementary champagne and a birthday greeting for my wife .
we certainly did not expect that .
this is a great small hotel .
what 's to say that has not already been said ?
stayed at the hotel for 6 nights to attend macworld 2007 with my wife .
got a package deal through expedia and saved about the cost of one night 's stay .
the gm seemed quite responsive to questions and requests , so i thought i would drop him an email and find out for myself .
i received a prompt response and got exactly what i requested ( high floor room with a bit of a view , and breakfast recommendations ) .so many people have already said great things about this hotel , so i 'll probably repeat a few here .
this is what stood out for the hotel in my mind - - some stuff might seem minor to most , but it 's little things we sometimes take for granted : - - polite , attentive staff : everyone always said 'hello '. - -
elevators : my wife does not like elevators that feel cramped and old .
these ones got my wife 's approval .
and not only that , they were fast , and there were two . - -
tv : reception was perfect , and included hbo .
the last two hotels we stayed at had issues , and it 's always nice to watch a little television after a long day on your feet . - -
free coffee in the lobby : not only free , but always hot ! i 've stayed at hotels that offer free coffee , but do not keep it very warm after hours .
- - free newspaper : always a nice touch . - -
location : maybe the most ideal location in union square if you really want to be picky : for example - - 12 minutes by foot to moscone , 15 minutes by foot to house of nanking in chinatown , and neither involve a big uphill walk ! if anyone is interested , our room (1403) was relatively quiet ( the only thing you ever heard was the fire truck or police sirens ) , very spacious ( for a boutique hotel ) , and had an ok view of the square . what has been a bit of a tradition with my reviews is some tips that i could share that may help some fellow travellers : - lori 's diner : nothing special , but the food is priced well , especially since their website has a 20% off coupon .
google it and print a few for your trip . -
sushi joint : my favorite is sanraku on sutter .
sit at the bar , chat with the chefs , and watch 'em work ! - chinese food : house of nanking on kearny .
they rush the patrons a bit , but so what ?
the food is great and two people can leave with full tummies for $20. - pub crawls : thirsty bear and 21st ammendment are quite good .
try the watermelon wheat beer at the '21a '.
the 21a is a bit of a walk from union square , but it is doable .
google for them both to check out the menus and exact locations . -
out - of - town excursions : if you are an apple - fan , head south to cupertino to see the apple campus .
if not , head south to palo alto and have lunch at stanford university .
free shuttle around the campus .
we ate at ciao ! in the terman engineering complex .
good food for a great price . enjoy your stay at san francisco !
happy and satisfied i booked the evening for my girlfriend and i to stay on a wednesday night in the city .
she arrived earlier and had no problems checking in .
the location was great , right across the street from the sir francis drake hotel .
the booking staff was efficient .
the concierge was not too helpful , and looked at me funny when i asked if anything 'special ' was going on in the city during the evening .
our room was reasonably sized for san francisco .
it was on the fourth floor and we used both the elevator and the stairs .
i requested a quiet room which was an option on the hotel website .
we did not have any problems with noise .
the bed , tv , bathroom were all fine . there were a bunch of coupons in our room for discounts at retailers and also for discounts at the hotel bar .
so , we went down to the hotel bar and had a couple of drinks , which were good .
we went over to the starlight room on top of the sir francis drake hotel during the evening , which was fun . on the whole , it was a pleasant experience and a great location to hang out from .
i can imagine a better hotel experience , but i 'm not sure i 'd risk a worse one by straying from this hotel the next time we go to to the city .
totally agree with previous reviews my husband and i booked a 3 night stay at the chancellor in december after reading previous reviews .
we can wholeheartedly agree with the previous reviews .
the location is fantastic , the hotel and staff great and it is a great base to explore san francisco .
it is a refreshing change to find a hotel at a reasonable price in the centre of a city .
we will definitely stay here again when we are next in s . f .
awesome value for money ! !
if you 're looking for good quality accommodation in central sf then it does not get much better than this !
excellent location , superb cookies and coffee , comfy beds/pillows and great friendly service .
also awesome to have computer and internet access for those of us that do not drag our laptops around with us .
my friend and i had an awesome time shopping around sf - many thanks ! !
fantastic value stayed at the chancellor for 3 nights in late november with my wife and 6 month old daughter .
we could not have asked for a better experience .
everyone from the desk staff to the bellmen to the housekeeping staff were courteous , efficient and eager to please .
when we called down to request the crib we had reserved for our daughter , it arrived at our door within minutes . as for the hotel itself , the lobby areas are very well maintained and the room was spotless .
and , while not enormous , the room was certainly more spacious than anything you could get in new york for three times the price .
make no mistake - this is not the four seasons , nor does it claim to be .
what it is is a very clean , friendly hotel in one of the best locations in the city .
if you 're looking for snob appeal , keep looking .
while i did not get a chance to meet wes in person , my compliments to him for running such a tight ship .
next time we are back in town , we will certainly be back as the chancellor is , in my mind , one of the best values in hotel accomodation that i 've encountered .
great girlfriends weekend package i booked five rooms in october for my nine girlfriends and myself for nike womens marathon .
when we got to the hotel on friday , each of us received a tote bag filled with goodies such as discount coupons at the stores near by , picture frame , and discount coupon at the hotel bar .
we were very delighted with the personalized touch .
it is an older hotel .
so we knew that rooms were not going to be spacious and fixtures were not going to be new .
but they were clean and comfortable .
you can not ask for better location .
breakfast in the hotel restaurant was very good .
the staff was always very courteous and professional .
we were very happy with the hotel .
i 'll definitely stay here again .
fantasic value for comfort  i enjoyed the chancellor very much .
good value , good location and entierly hassle free stay .
would happily stay again .
our favourite place in the city !
my daughter  i stay here every year for 3 days for an annual christmas shopping trip , and it always feels like coming home !
the rooms are small and very clean , with walk - in closets and huge bathtubs !
staff always friendly and courteous .
i recommend this highly for anyone who wants the feel of san francisco and the sounds of the cable cars ; across from the starlight room  saks , walking distance to macy 's and bloomingdales - - - a perfect spot for the price !
see you next year ! !
a hidden treasure i booked a one night stay here on nov . 21.
i was in much need of some r  r . my job is stressful ( i 'm a teacher ) , and my family can be stressful too .
so i ran away for a day before thanksgiving .
once you step through the glass doors , you are transported to another era .
the front desk woman was very friendly , as was the bell person ( at check - in and out ) .
i recommend the parking valet because it 's much easier .
i had called a couple days before to request a room away from the elevators .
i was given a nice room in the back on the 12th floor .
it was a good size and comfortable .
i kept forgetting to step up into the bathroom and i thought it was a little small .
but the shower pressure was great and the tub was deep .
if i had time , i would have soaked in the tub . in the morning , there was the basic hum of the city , but nothing major .
maybe on the powell st . side , it was noisier , but that 's the charm of san francisco .
the staff is incredibly nice .
it 's in a great location and the cookies and coffee in the lobby are an added treat .
also , this was the first hotel that i 've been to that offered an umbrella to use in case of rain . i will be staying here again , and again , in the future .
i 've stayed at several other hotels in the union square area , but never walked away thinking i 'd return .
we had a wonderful time !
my husband and i booked a week in san francisco in mid september and we stayed at the chancellor hotel based on reviews from this forum .
the weather was really great and we wore shorts every day .
the hotel was in union square and was in the hub of alot of things to see and do .
the street cars stopped right in front of the hotel and it was nice to just jump off and pop into our hotel .
the hotel was close to great shopping and alot of nice places to dine was a stones throw away .
we felt safe and had no problems figuring our way around .
the hotel staff was so very friendly to us and we loved to grab a cookie or a piece of fruit at the end of a busy day before we went to our rooms .
the hotel took great care of us and kept our rooms clean and tidy .
even when i forgot my favorite sandals behind when i went home , i called right away to housekeeping dept and the wonderful lady sent my shoes back home to me !
it was our first time to san fran and i truly fell in love with your wonderful city .
it was an adventure for us to explore all the neat places to see and places to eat .
we visited alcatraz with the audio tour .
it was a great highlight for us !
excellent tour !
we went to solsilito island , visited the japanese gardens , toured coit tower , the exploratorium , fisherman 's wharf several times , lombard street , the ancient fortune cookie factory , chinatown , ghirdelli square for their awesome sundaes , christie park , the golden gate bridge and rode those wonderful streetcars everywhere !
i loved the ring a ling sounds from my hotel window and sometimes we even got a bit of jazz playing down from the streets drifting up to our hotel room .
san francisco is sooo wonderful and i fell in love with the city .
i shall be back and we shall book again at the chancellor hotel because we were taken care of by great staff !
thank you for a wonderful visit ! ! ! !
the absolute best for location and value our party stayed here from november 10th to the 15th and really enjoyed our time at the chancellor and in san francisco . we were a party of four and emailed the hotel a few weeks prior to our stay to request adjoining rooms .
they made good on their promise and we had two sizeable rooms with good facilities on a high floor (1406/1407) . the rooms are basic and not all that up to date but for sf they are sizeable as i said , clean and fully functional .
the bed was comfortable and the bathroom a good size and again clean . the hotel lobby has the appearance of a much more expensive hotel and the breakfast in the restaurant is great , although the free coffee and cookies in the lobby are also a nice touch . the few requests we had of the front desk were all dealt with professionally and promptly .
basically , we could not fault the place and now the best part . . . it 's location . you are right on union square near all the shops , the cable car station ( which takes you straight to fisherman 's wharf ) , chinatown , bars and nightlife , and also the bart station which we took across to oakland for the raiders game . i have stayed in fisherman 's wharf and you somehow feel safer on union square as well as having more to do and see within walking distance of your hotel . the chancellor is amazing value and a much better hotel than much higher priced establishments ( eg holiday inn , wharf ) .next time in sf , we will stay here again , no question .
a grand entrance to san francisco i booked this property from advice i browsed on the trip advisor website .
we were not disappointed !
the location was fabulous , and the service in the hotel was very attentive .
the room was very comfortable .
the hotel had a great feel of the old grand era of san francisco .
we would definitely come back here !
great stay at the chancellor we stayed at the chancellor for five nights in october as our younger sister and friend were running in the nike women 's marathon .
the location of the hotel was excellent . . . nike village was set up in union square as was the start line .
even though the hotel was booked solid , probably due to the oracle conference as well , our request of adjoining rooms was granted .
all the staff we had contact with were so friendly and helpful .
the free use of the computer was welcomed as we were able to do web check - in .
our rooms were great and we loved the pillow menu . . . also the fact the blanket was in between two sheets .
we had breakfast most days in the hotel restaurant and it was very good food and service .
our only disappointment was that we did not get a chance to meet wes tyler . . . our shuttle arrived before he could get to the lobby .
oh well , maybe next time . . . if we return to san francisco , we will definately stay at the chancellor .
could not fault it . . . . . . . firstly , we would like to thank wes tyler for his generosity and excellent customer service during our honeymoon stay at the chancellor .
we stayed at the chancellor for 4 nights in early october and booked through an british travel agent .
when i advised mr tyler that it was our honeymoon , without hesitation he upgraded our room to a suite and 'threw in ' a romantic package aswell ( as detailed on the website ) .the room was of good size and the room was cleaned promptly on a daily basis .
we had no problem with any frustrating noises - just the sound of the bustling san francisco streets below . as other reviews have mentioned , the hotel is ideally located on union square , with great access to the whole of san francisco via various modes of transport .
also good restaurants within walking distance - in all directions ! the coffee and cookies within the reception area , are a lovely touch , which we enjoyed . . . .maybe too often !
we would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to friends/family - indeed we already have . if you are wanting 5* luxury within a large corporate chain , hilton , radisson , etc - this is not the hotel for you .
however , if you want a hotel which has a family feel , friendly staff , great location , excellent value for money and provided excellent customer service - i would not look any further than the chancellor hotel on union square . a credit to san francisco .
loved the chancellor loved the chancellor .
it was our first trip to san francisco and the location for sight seeing could not have been better .
the staff were lovely and the room fab .
we had requested a room on an upper floor with a view of union square and this is exactly what we got .
nice touches , sweets , pillow menu , cookies and coffee for breakfast .
lovely lady on reception gave us perfect driving instructions which brought us directly from salinas to the front door of the hotel without one mistake .
sorry the i ca not remember her name but it started with an s and she had an accent .
would definitely stay here again . mary cochrane 
great location , great stay !
my mother and i spent 4 days at the chancellor hotel .
it is located in the perfect location .
trolley cars stop right in front of the hotel , which gives perfect access to any part of the city .
rooms are small but comfortable .
loved the variety of options of pillows .
located next door to sears fine dining , which is a must stop for any meal .
excellent location the hotel is clean and comfortable ( with a pillow menu should need it ! ! ) , but it 's main selling point is it 's position - perfectly located in the heart of san francisco , just across the road from union square , and on one of the excellent tram lines . ultimately , sf has so much to offer you should spent little time in the hotell , but when you do , the chancellor is perfect as a well - run city - centre hotel . (just
as a word of advice , we almost stayed in a hotel in the fisherman 's wharf area of the city - glad we did not ; this area is a bit tacky and seasidey with little to really offer other than trips to alcatraz , which is not to be missed .
much better to stay around union sq , and take a tram ride . )
as a travel agent , i will be sending my clients here ! !
as a travel agent , i had 4 hotels in mind for my recent stay in san francisco .
i selected the chancellor , and i 'm so thrilled i did ! .from the moment we arrived until the moment we left ( just today ) , the staff were very friendly and were quick to provide any assistance needed .
the hotel rooms are kept very clean , with a huge walk in closet , equiped with umbrella , iron , board , safe , and plenty of hangers .
the bathroom in our room (1500) , didnt ' have a window , and was a tad on the smaller side ( typical for the older hotels ) , but it served our purpose well , and i must add the towels in this hotel are the best smelling towels anywhere !
the hotel does have access to an all night parking garage , just about 2 blocks away , which requires you going several blocks in reality to get there , because of the one - way street situation , however you can request valet parking for a few dollars more . ( might be worth the grief if you would rather not deal with busy traffic ) .
no car , in my opinion , is necessary in san francisco , unless you plan to take a trip out to napa or other surrounding areas . the hotel is right next to sears restaurant , serving its famous pancakes .
this hotel is not only surrounded by great shopping and restaurants , but you are only about 5 blocks or so from the main entrance of chinatown , a great convenience ! the cable car runs right out front which makes it great when you are coming back from the wharf or other areas , you can jump right off and be at the hotel . this hotel is a gem !
you will be spending almost half of what the other hotels across the street charge ( sir francis drake and crowne plaza ) , but you will be getting the same location , and possible more of old san francisco charm in your hotel . you truly ca not go wrong here ! ! ! thanks again to the manager and staff for making our stay a great one !
chancellor hotel - exceeded all expectations the chancellor was exactly as described on tripadvisor . com
( and the main reason we booked it ) .
it was very good value for the money ( we reserved the park and breakfast package ) the rooms were clean and confortable and the staff was professional and curtious .
the parking for the hotel was located around the corner and it was too much of a hassle to park ( however , a car is not needed while you are in sf ) the hotel restaurant was a little pricey , but afterall , this is san francisco .
a recommended restaurant is the marine memorial restaurant around the corner on about the 12 floor . . . you get a great meal , a wonderful view of the sf skyline and almost no one is there ( many people believe it is a private club , which it is not ) we would definitely stay here again and look forward to visiting this incredible city again in the near future .
atmosphere and service the hotel had an old san francisco feel that created a wonderful atmosphere and ambience . i booked with the chancellor primarily because of the reviews on trip advisor , and i was not disappointed .
this is a great hotel .
i requested a room with lots of light and a view if possible , and i received it .
the staff was incredibly helpful and the food ( i only had breakfast ) in the restaurant was very good . as for the room ( i was in 1003) , it was on the small side .
for one person it was quite comfortable but probably not what you are looking for if you want a romantic getaway .
i loved the bathroom with the huge soaking tub and the window that looked out onto the fire escape .
there was wonderful natural light in the bathroom which is something you wo not find at other hotels .
i could picture sam spade crawling out the bathroom window and escaping down the fire escape when the person he was investigating arrived back at his room . there was a big window in the room which i always left open a bit .
you could definitely hear the street noise , but i got used to it quickly and it created a feeling that i was really in the city .
the flashing pink sign from the starlight dance hall across the street softly flashed through the window at night .
someone might find that irritating , but i found it charming and it did not interfere with my sleep . the free wireless worked perfectly for me . the bed was very comfortable . the closet was spacious , but the drawers on the chest under the tv did stick , and i figured out i could not close them all the way . the staff were all sweet , solicitous , and polite .
i was only there for a few days but they recognized me and treated me with familiarity . the lady selling the tours i would call the tour nazi .
she 's very intimidating , but i think she is an independent contractor with the hotel .
however , the assistance she did give me was right on target and just what i needed .
just be prepared for her firm , no - nonsense manner . unfortunately , i had to cut my stay short in san francisco and at the hotel .
i had to check out earlier than planned .
i gave the front desk the appropriate notice , and they did not blink an eye about it or give me any grief . i could go on and on about the hotel .
i would definitely stay there again .
however , just because there are well - deserved high reviews of this place , do not expect a luxury hotel .
this is a hotel for mature , reasonable people who want a nice , comfortable place to stay in a great location .
a real gem in the heart of the city as three female friends travelling from australia we thoroughly enjoyed our 'three to a room ' chancellor experience !
we knew from other reviews that the rooms were small so it was no hardship when the third bed was moved in .
we simply moved the beds , put the suitcases in the large walk - in robe , moved the chair and table and rolled out the extra bed for the 4 nights we stayed there !
it was not a problem , in fact we enjoyed the feeling of having a 'sleepover ' .
we were charmed by the hotel , the staff and the welcome we received .
we loved being able to get coffee and cookies at any time of the day or night , we loved the noise of the cable cars and all the sounds of a big american city .
we wanted a real san francisco experience and staying at this hotel gave us everything , friendliness , character and easy access to all the sights .
we will definitely recommend this hotel to all of our friends and hope to stay there again on our next travels through san francisco . one final tip if you are going 'three to a room ' is to request a corner room - rm 500 was great for us .
its all true . . . . . . . .excellent place to stay my wife and i stayed in the chancellor hotel for 3 nights during our honeymoon in the states .
i had spent literally hours on the internet planning the trip , hotels etc . and partly based on what i 'd read i choose the chancellor .
we were not dissapointed .
it 's situated right on union square , a more central downtown location you wo not find for the same price .
the room was well equiped with internet access , it was medium sized and very clean with sufficient storage space and a safe .
the cleaners came daily and changed towels etc . and generally tided up .
the hotel does not have air conditioning but do not be deterred because the fan on the ceiling is sufficient and ( apparently ) san fran does not get that hot during the summer as it 's next to the ocean .
we arrived really tired having flown from europe and the staff were extremely helpful .
they gave us a bonus breakfast card for the value of $42 ( although its not a huge amount for 2 people for 3 days , still they did nothave to give it to us ) and they left a bottle of champayne in our room as i 'd written during the booking that we were a honeymoon couple .
the hotel is in good condition .
guests can have free coffee , biscuits , newspaper , fruit and internet access in reception area .
the cable car runs right outside the front door too .
all in all we had a delightful stay at the chancellor and the prices are very reasonable ( $150/night for the room ) and the service is great .
we will definitely be returning one day .
great location , nice friendly helpful staff , very pleasant stay in sanfrancisco we stayed in the chancellor from august 10 to august 16th .
as you can see from the date we travelled on thursday 10th , the day of the horrendous disruption of flights from the uk , so it was such a relief when we arrived at this hotel to be greeted with a lovely nice clean room .
for 2 of us the room was just fine , over looking powell street ( one of the main streets around union square ) .
the hotel staff were very friendly and gave us a print off of bus routes to fisherman 's wharf , monster park ( where the 49ers play ) , golden gate bridge and golden gate park ( which is in a completely different area , despite having the same name ) .
the hotel is in a great location , basically on union square , so good for shopping .
the attractions of 'both ' golden gate 's , fisherman 's wharf , alcatraz are only a short bus or tram ride away .
overall we found the hotel to be excellent value for money in a good location . **oh ,
and there 's free coffee and tea in the lobby area** 
what a gem this hotel is the chancellor has one of the most honest websites i have come accross .
when you read it and the postive trip advisor reviews you know what you will get .
you will stay in a real hotel that has not been modernised by the big chains .
you will know this hotel represents excellent value for money hotel and you will know it has small bedrooms and bathrooms .
you will know the staff will be polite and friendly and the hotel will be nice and clean .
you will know there is no a/c and you know that if something does go wrong the staff will help you sort it out .
finally you will know you are in an old building in the heart of an historical city . so that 's exactly what you should expect and that 's what we got ! we stayed for four nights in july and booked a suite and a twin room for the children .
the rooms were small but had everyhting we needed including a huge wardrobe so we could get the suitcases out of the way .
the bathrooms were a little dated but they were immaculately clean , an adequate size and had an excellent shower .
there were nice touches in the rooms - a jar of sweets ( candies ) , the little yellow duck in the bathroom and the bottle of wine .
a cd player in the rooms was a bonus as was the wire to connect ourt mp3 player to it .
the pillow menu is a great idea .
things like this make you realise that you are staying in a hotel where the managers really care about the comfort of their guests .
we enjoyed the coffee and cookies in the lobby , we appreciated the help offered when we asked questions .
we liked being in the centre of town .
we took good advice from the gift shop and bought a pass for all the public transport which was great value for money .
yes we did hear the noises of the city but how much better is that than being in the sterile envoironment of a triple glazed air conditioned room ?
we travelled the ocean to experience all the sfo has to offer and that includes her sounds .
i am fortuntate that i stay in many quality hotels .
i have to say that , as a city centre hotel , the chancellor takes a lot of beating .
we loved it and , if we return to sfo , this is where we will stay .
i say to you all again . . . . . read the honest website and the good reviews .
the chancellor is an hotel that delivers what it promises - nothing more and nothing less .
nicest stay on our trip this was such a welcoming and friendly hotel in a brilliant location .
susan , the guest advisor , semed severe but actually was very helpful .
matthew was charming and full of good tips too .
it was a bit noisy at night if windows were open , but then we were in union square !
the bar is cosy and my son loved the complementary popcorn and cookies .
the lobby was great .
best of all was breakfast - the best on our whole us trip - plus excellent value for money - we got 4 nights for the price of 3 via trailfinders .
completely satisfied !
my son and i stayed at the chancellor hotel and had a lovely experience !
the rooms were charming - - very clean and quiet .
before making this reservation , i noticed that at least one party thought her room was too small , but i found it very adequate in size .
i was somewhat expecting to be turned off by the size of the room based on her comment , but it was not a problem at all for two people .
the staff was outstanding .
we actually ordered breakfast as room service two mornings and it was delivered promptly .
on the second morning , i noticed that our breakfast order was still on the doorknob , so i called about it .
the polite gentleman who answered the phone in the restaurant apologized and assured me that i could order right then and he would bring it up to our room in 10 minutes .
that is exactly what happened , and we were not at all inconvenienced .
it was an absolute pleasure dealing with the front desk .
tthe valet was also very helpful , hailing taxis for us both mornings .
the front desk also gave us excellent recommendations on places to eat .
they handed us a good map of san francisco when we checked in , and they recommended a total of three restaurants that were all outstanding .
i would definitely stay there again .
oh yes , the showers were great too !
i would recommend this place to anyone .
it was a great location too - - just a few blocks from chinatown and right next door to borders .
you dont know when your lucky ! ! stayed at the chancellor 6-9th july . this place is an absolute bargain .
nice rooms the best location you could ever have and just the right of level of comfort without declining into decadence .
if you go to san francisco to sit looking at your room then good luck ! .
its perfectly located to use the cable cars , you can walk to china town and we caught the bus to golden gate park and haight ashbury . had a nice little bar , with many local customers , which says a lot and provided some interesting conversations . just be clear what your priorities are when you book .
( see mr tylers comments above ) i was delighted , would stay again for sure .
a similar hotel in a similar location in the west end of london would cost $400- $500 per night so grab the bargain which is the chancellor ! !
cozy and comfortable we spent one night at the chancellor .
we booked two rooms to celebrate my parents anniversary .
the rooms are small but so what !
they are very clean and comfortable .
my husband and i travel a lot and we have never been in a hotel where they give you a choice of pillows !
we had a drink at the hotel bar with our drink coupon before we went to a play .
bar has a friendly atmosphere .
location of hotel is excellent and in a safe place .
we loved the chancellor and will be back .
the staff was great and helpful .
we did not know about the cookies until we reread the reviews .
the only thing missing was a coffee pot in your room but they did have free coffee downstairs .
the hotel had everything one needed and i ca not wait to revisit !
great base for exploring city could not think of a better place to be based in order to explore this wonderful city .
just across from union square , the chancellor is central to just about everything san francisco has to offer .
the staff were welcoming at all times - even when we checked out at 4.30am - and the little extras such as free internet , cookies at reception and a welcoming bottle of wine in our room made for a great stay .
we were able to do just about everything from here - made tour reservations in the hotel lobby , found out where the nearest laundromat was and where to get baseball tickets - although the amount of time we actually spent at the hotel was miniscule compared to our time out trekking the city .
would definitely recommend to others .
great hotel like the previous reviewer from cairns we enjoyed our stay at the hotel chancellor .
the location is great , near the shops , the cable car stops and right next to a border 's bookstore .
the hotel was clean and the extras were a nice touch .
highly recommended and excellent value .
must also compliment the manager wes who was always responsive to our emails whenever we had any questions .
chancellor made our stay a great one my wife and i stayed in the chancellor from 7/9 to 7/11 and we ca not think of any complaints .
from booking our room over the phone to arriving and checking in etc . . the hotel staff was superb .
everyone was very friendly and professional and it made for a great stay .
the union square location made it easy to get around .
we liked the size of the rooms .
they were more than sufficient and clean and that 's all we needed .
kudos to mr . tyler and staff for restoring our faith in hotel customer service .
great stay ! ! we just visited on july 13th and 14th ( wife and i ) .
the chancellor gets such great reviews here on ta that i will dig deep to find some criticism .
sorry , could not find anything to complain about .
great location , great value , cosy room , great staff , .
even the other guests all seemed nice .
i left one morning at 4:45 and the doorman was very cheery ( i suspect all the doorman are cheery in their sharp looking suits as compared to the outfit the sir francis drake guy has to wear across the street ) i will only stay at the chancellor when in union square .
fantastic location and great hotel i searched the internet looking for a good hotel in san francisco and boy did i find one !
location , location , location .
right on union square which is beautiful , on the cable car route and muni bus stop what more could you ask for to ride around this beautiful city .
my friend and i were on a three week tour of california and this was by far the best hotel we stayed in ! ! ! yeah the rooms are not large but you are staying in san francisco what are you doing in your rooms ?
but they were comfortable and clean .
the hotel staff were very helpful and friendly .
if i visit san francisco again i will be certainly staying here . . . 
great hotel , excellent value we chose the chancellor after reading the tripadvisor reviews and it certainly lived up to its billing .
comfortable , clean and superbly located , it also has very friendly and helpful staff who make you feel that you matter - and all at a very reasonable price .
not to mention the fresh daily cookies and coffee in the lobby . . . . . . ! 
great experience and they really do take care of you alright , i 've been reading reviews on tripadvisor for quite some time now and havenever written a review myself simply because i never deemed it necessary .
not in my interest you might say . but i really must show my appreciation of how much of a find the chancellor hotel is if you really want to have a good time in sf for a budget price yet still have a comfortable room and good service . now i 'm a fairly young guy - mid twenties , but i 'm pretty picky .
after booking the hotel i was expecting a good location , clean and efficient rooms and a decent bathroom , not much else .
but after staying there this past weekend with my girlfriend , i was really impressed on how much they 've kept their standards high .
we had a romantic time , even had a view , and the room has everything you need .
safe , extra towels , extra covers , mp3 player , etc . .
. the rooms are not huge , but they are not tiny either .
european is a good word for it , but the spacing is just right for two people and the beds were comfy .
( i 've lived in europe for a few years so i can say that ) .
location is great , right across from francis drake hotel which has a cool bar with a view in it , and right near the trams .
almost everything is accesible .
plus the staff were very helpful , even when one dude at the front desk had lost his voice completely the poor guy still strained his throat to tell me ( very quietly but politely ) good dinner spots on the map .
honestly , i was very impressed .
and that 's really not easy . would definetely stay there again and have recommended my picky friends to stay there aswell when they go to sf .
chancellor is a great hotel just got back from staying at the chancellor hotel from 6 thru 12 june .
most reviews were right on the money and this hotel is the best bang for your dollar .
clean rooms with a great location and a staff that is so helpful .
matthew gave us suggestions for two restaurants that were reasonable and had very good food .
l 'ottavo ( italian food ) on sutter st . just a few blocks from the hotel .
foleys ( irish pub ) on o 'farrell only a few blocks from the hotel .
we also got a 3 day muni pass for $18.00 for the trolleys and public transportation .
this was great because we would hop on and hop off all day as we saw all the sights .
at the chancellor you can pick up the trolley just a few doors away .
we also had fun renting a tandem bike from saddles down at the wharf .
we took the bike path along the bay and up and across the golden gate bridge and back again .
if we had to do it over again we would have continued down to sausilito after we crossed the bridge ( as this is all down hill ) and then take a ferry back to the wharf .
just a reminder that the seats on these bikes are small so your butt is going to be sore during and after the ride .
the bar at the chancellor is small so you can talk to other guests and locals and share their experiences both good and bad .
one couple told us how wonderful muir woods was but their tour did not give them enough time there ( a little over and hr ) .
the tour would have cost us $44.00 per person so we rented a car at thrify on o 'farrell for $29.95 per day .
when we got there they also gave us an upgrade for the same price .
we hiked for 3 1/2 hrs early in the morning and had a calm wonderful morning among the huge trees .
we then drove up to sonoma ( wine country ) then down to sausilito .
we continued on and toured areas in san francisco and drove down the famous lombard st . ca not wait to visit san francisco again and definitely would stay at the chancellor again ! !
great place before going i had read all the reviews posted on the site and i am glad everything they say is true .
it is definitely worth staying at the chancellor .
everyone is really helpful and nice .
i tried several sf hotels and this is the only one i 'll go back to .
clean , cheerful , fantastic we are much travelled australians visiting the states for the first time who are just back from a trip to frisco which was made even more pleasant by our stay for four nights in may at this great hotel .
the location cannot be beaten , the room was spotless and maintained this way throughout our stay .
all the staff including our lovely room cleaner were professional and friendly .
although we had a very mixed time in the u . s . the hotel chancellor would have to be one of the most positve experiences we had there - congratulations on such a well run hotel .
nice european - style hotel in great location trip advisor comes through again .
i was meeting a bunch of girlfriends in san francisco for a reunion .
one of them found the chancellor .
what a great location .
the rooms were small by u . s . standards , and i 'm glad it was not hot ( no air conditioning ) .
my best friend and i shared a room with twin beds and were quite comfortable .
hotel was clean and nice . the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful .
on the thursday evening of our visit , there was a manager 's reception , with beer/wine and very tasty hors d 'oevres . to top things off , we all loved the rubber ducky in the bathrooms .
would definitely stay here again . do not miss sears restaurant - right next door .
great breakfast .
wonderful hotel really loved this hotel .
fantastic location in the heart of union square , close to restaurants , bars , shopping and with a cable car stop right outside the hotel .
the room and bathroom were very nice , with great views over union square .
and to top it off , there was free internet access .
would strongly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again when visiting san fran .
perfect place to stay my wife and i stayed at the chancellor for 10 nights .
before i left , i emailed wes telling him that this was a belated honeymoon stay and asked for a nice room with a good view .
we were not disappointed with the room we were given .
also found a nice gift had been left in the room for us which was much appreciated ! the staff were always curteous and helpful .
the location could not have been better and the information desk ran by susan was a bonus as you can get everything including advice , cable car passes and stamps for postcards !
the restaurant and bar at the hotel was very convenient and we had breakfast there once .
unfortunately we did not know that we had been given a card with credit on ( it had been left in the room for us when we arrived and did not know what it was for until we checked out ) .the rooms were reasonably sized and very clean ( very important for us ) .
i do not know why people have complained about the size of the rooms in previous rooms or the noise !
if you want a central location , of course you are going to hear a bit of activity outside .
having said this , we were not disturbed by it at all .
it was so convenient to be able to pop out in the evening for a late snack . we also hired a car for the weekend and because of the great location of the hotel , only had to walk a couple of blocks to get to hire car companies .
also , the cable car lines run right past the hotel which is very very convenient ! this pretty much confirms what most people have been saying about this hotel .
it is not one to be missed at such an affordable price . overall , a big thankyou to wes and his staff .
i would definitely stay there again and would most certainly recommend this place to others visiting san francisco !
the chancellor is the best we just returned from a 5 day trip to san francisco and the chancellor and we echo the comments made by almost 100% of the respondents here :1) the chancellor is perfectly situated : it sits in the absolutely best area of sf .
close to the cable line , union square and ideally situated in the middle of anywhere you want to be . 2) the staff at the chancellor are the best .
we ask a lot of questions and these guys ( and gals ) never tired of answering us .
they actually seemed to love providing data on how to catch various bus/cable car/street car lines , good restuarants , etc .3)
the hotel is awesome .
we loved all the things other people mentioned like extra deep tubs ( especially after walking all day ) .4)
loved the cookies 24 hours a day , the decaf , regular coffee and tea , as well as apples .5)
i walked for blocks in every direction around union square . . . i checked out every hotel .
chancellor is the best . . . hands down .
oh , there may have been fancier places . . . but they felt so . . . cold .
the chancellor did just what we wanted it to : it made us feel like we were part of the san francisco family . and our time there was in a word . . . wonderful . thomas 
excellent the hotel is really confortable , and quiet , though it is centally located on union square netx to border library .
the people working in the hotel is really excellent .
tip : if you rent a car , buy room with parking valet , because it is really difficult to park in this area and it is very expensive .
( if you are car - less the cable car stop is just in the front of the hotel . from our room on 15th floor we had an amazing view toward union square .
the room standard is really high : you can have free up to 15 kind of pillow , radio clock , iron , iron table , cable tv , and wireless internet access , and moreover a small gum duck for bathing : ) 
wonderful hotel with so many extra 's !
just got home from our trip ~we stayed at the chancellor hotel for 5 nights !
the location is outstanding we loved having the cable cars right outside our door and some very nice restaurants makes it even better !
our stay in the hotel was great upon check in we were early and so the front desk staff took our bags as we ate in luques restaurant in the hotel , great food and service and very comfortable !
by the time we were done eating the staff indicated to us that our room is ready if we would like to go freshen up , which we did !
we were on the 11th floor corner view of union sq . it was beautiful !
our room was as expected from previous posters we enjoyed the tall ceiling/architecture and large bathtub the beautiful drapes ( as some other posters mentioned the bedspread was worn , but that did not interfer with our stay ) .
prior to booking our stay i had personally contacted mr . wes tyler the hotel manager and mentioned to him it was our 25th ann . and on arrival we had a bottle of sparkling wine , a some extras !
like that is going above and beyond !
all the extra 's like the candy jar , pillow menu , coffee/teas in lobby and the fruit was an added bonus !
we were hardly in our rooms but we slept very well on the white crisp sheets did not find it warm in our room at all and no noise !
suzie at the tour desk was very helpful ( i wished i had not booked our tours online as she was very knowledgable .
all in all we had a great time , so many laughs and we will return without a doubt  will book at the chancellor hotel great value great location !
thanks for all the memories !
oh the weather was outstanding for the whole week !
great stay very happy with our stay here in april 2006.
check - in was efficient and room was nice - and it was nice to have free tea/coffee and a bath after a 12- hour flight !
the room was perfectly adequate in size - have read some comments here about that but these people must either have unrealistic expectations or spend way to much holiday/vacation time in their rooms ! the location is perfect ; from sfo airport the train ( bart ) takes you directly to powell street , from which the hotel is about 3 blocks north .
you 're in the heart of the shopping and commercial district , within an easy walk of north beach and chinatown , you can take the cablecar to the waterfront from right outside the hotel ( though if you ca not get on , walk back to market street and there are frequent trams ( streetcars ) to fisherman 's wharf ) .
you walk down to powell st station to get trams ( streetcars ) , metro or bart to anywhere else in the city or bay area and there are buses nearby ( eg 15 to north beach and fisherman 's wharf a few blocks east ) .if you just want a ride on a cablecar but ca not get on the ones to/from fisherman 's wharf ( they are very busy ) either go out very early or late in the evening , or you can get on the california street one whenever you like as this does not serve the main touristy area , and runs close to the hotel ( albeit up a hill ! ) .
best value in town it is a bit difficult to rate this hotel , because one wants to make sure the traveler is not expecting something luxurious .
this hotel is not fancy , but it has everything you need and should save you money if you get an on - line deal like i did .
i stayed for four nights at $125/night , and that came with a gift card worth $28 for the restaurant .
i also got a 20% - off coupon for the restaurant for when my gift card ran out .
the lobby is attractive ( contrary to what one reviewer thought ) , with oversized , comfortable couches for seating ( anyway , just look at the hotel 's photos , that 's how it looks . )
the restaurant is very nice , and the food is very good .
i did not have lunch there , but the breakfast was great - - much more variety and better food than i expected .
my room was number 604, and it looked a lot like the one pictured in the other traveler 's candid photos .
the walls were off - white , and there were two pictures that were attractive .
the window treatments were lovely .
the paint was clean and fresh - looking everywhere .
there was a huge , walk - in closet with plenty of wooden hangers and two large , metal luggage racks .
the closet would probably help to make up for the smallness of the room for a couple staying for an extended period .
as a single traveler staying for a few days , i did not find the room to be especially small .
shampoo , conditioner , kleenex , bath salts , shower cap , soap , and hair dryer ( and appropriate outlets ) were supplied .
the soaps were nice - - glycerine for hands and face , and a thick round cake for the bath - - the same as in fancier hotels .
new soap was delivered when i did not even need it .
the towels were bright white , and the bath towels were thick .
the bathroom was immaculate , and everything worked really well .
there was a swing - arm , magnifying mirror , and the bathroom could be lighted by an overhead , incandescent fixture , or a fluorescent one over the large mirror .
one feature i really appreciated was the massaging shower head .
the bathtub was very deep , and the guest was offered various spa ammenities at additional cost .
the closet door featured a full - length mirror .
there was free wireless everywhere , and free internet in the lobby ( it was pretty popular . )
there was an iron and ironing board , a free in - room safe , and an umbrella for use during my stay .
several different complimentary newspapers were available in the lobby , as were coffee , cookies , and apples .
the heat in my room worked very well .
the large window could be opened , and there was a ceiling fan over the bed .
my room had a noise ( like a din ) coming from outside , but it did not disturb my sleep .
my room was not on the street side .
the carpeting was nice .
my bed felt comfortable to me .
room service was available , but i did not use it .
the room type that i had really does not make a great first impression , but i think it could easily have been made more appealing - - different bedspread and fabric on the chairs perhaps .
i notice the suites have light fabrics on the beds and chairs , and this looks prettier .
( a room decorated like the one i stayed in is pictured on the website , though , so there should be no reason for complaints . )
i was not crazy about the dark wood on doors and elevators - - that may have contributed to the few negative reviews about appearance - - but perhaps that is part of the historic ambiance .
there was no mini - bar , but there are walgreens everywhere , and the one closest to the hotel is open 24 hours if snacks and drinks are needed - - and , of course , that is usually preferable to paying exhorbitant prices for such things in a hotel room .
the reviewer who thought you could get a better room for the price was wrong .
the location cannot be beat , and the ammenities are truly fine .
i was staying with colleagues for a conference , and i boasted of many perqs that their much more expensive rooms did not offer .
the tv was certainly large enough , and the reception was perfect .
i had little need for the staff , but when the public - access printer had no toner and i wanted to print out my boarding pass , one clerk was most helpful in a joint quest for a solution ( i should have asked his name , actually . )
i would not choose this hotel for my honeymoon , but it is perfect for travelers wanting to stay in a safe , picturesque area and have money left over for nice dinners and events rather than spending it on trappings they will spend little time admiring .
great location , great value , wonderful hotel fabulous european - style location at union square .
compact , well - appointed rooms and bath .
loved the pillow menu !
quiet room with a view (13th floor ) .
bed was comfortable and the umbrella in the room was a god - send !
free local phone calls and use of business centre for internet was appreciated .
the complimentary coffee in the lobby in the morning even tasted like coffee - - a nice change !
it was very convenient to be able to get a daily transit pass for cable cars and muni right in the lobby .
highly recommended .
will definitely return .
awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! just like the reviews said . . . loved , loved , loved the chancellor .
we found the service great , the beds extremely comfy and the location spectacular .
who could ask for anything more ?
while i was sorry i did not have the opportunity to meet the famous ( and very funny on this site ) wes tyler , the rest of the staff was great .
we ate breakfast everyday at the hotel and found the avocado omelet to be yummy .
san fran is great , i highly recommend the tour of wine country .
it was fabulous and i learned alot to impress my friends . .haha thank you chancellor hotel for the wonderful stay in san francisco !
we would not dream of staying anywhere else !
wonderful hotel my wife and i loved the chancellor .
we selected it on the basis of the excellent reviews on trip advisor and the fact that it was the only hotel where the manager made a point of answering the few bad reviews .
we thought this would be a well managed hotel .
we were not disappointed , the room was perfect , the service wonderful in all categories and the location in the very heart of the city extraordinarily convenient .
this hotel is truly a very well managed operation and we highly recommend it .
other guests to whom we spoke shared our point of view .
highly recommended - wow !
after researching hotels for months on different travel sites , including tripadvisor , i came to the conclusion that i wanted to stay at the chancellor hotel .
i 'd been to san francisco about 10 times in the past and had only repeated hotels once . . . never having found the perfect hotel for the greatest price in the best location . i search no more . after a short series of emails with wes tyler , the gm of the chancellor , i was offered a deal too good to refuse .
the occassion was my boyfriend 's birthday and his first trip to the bay - - and we were not disappointed by the accommodations with which wes set us up !
the romance suite on the top (15th ) floor , corner room which included a separate living area with couch , desk , table and chair , two bathrooms ( very handy for us ladies ! ) , a gorgeous cast iron canopied very comfortable bed with quality linens , plenty of seating , a fan which cooled the room plenty , great toiletries , walk - in closet , free candy , a small refrigerator for leftovers or drinks , plenty of tourbooks , and a working window with a fire escape with which to take amazing views of union sqaure and the bay ! whew !
we were also treated to champagne by wes , which was truly appreciated . the front desk staff was quick and friendly .
checking in and out was a breeze .
the 24- hour supply of coffee was very much appreciated ( tea , too ) and the cookies were a nice treat .
location - - ca not be beat .
next to sears fine foods ( a touristy but fine breakfast spot ) , steps from the cable car stop , across the street from a great restaurant named scala 's bistro , a block away from union square , three blocks away from hm ( clothes paradise ) , and four blocks away from the subway ( and bus lines ) from both sfo and oakland .
i ca not think of a better mix of quality , cost - effectiveness , location and just plain coolness than the chancellor .
many thanks to wes and staff !
we 'll be back again soon !
a+ the chancellor gets an a+ from me .
it is apparent that the hotel is well - managed in every detail , and has a staff that knows their jobs and cares about making you feel like you 're a welcome guest .
in the lobby there is a plaque with a picture of several employees that had been there for 25 years .
i chose a room in the front because i wanted to be able to open the window to let in the fresh air and to hear the sounds of the city below .
there is a diagonal view of beautiful and bustling union sq .
with the double - paned window shut , it was quiet except perhaps for the squeaking cable cars .
i loved sitting in the arm chair and table near the window and enjoying the free newspapers and coffee and cookies in the morning .
i also took advantage of the free access to the modern health club and pool around the corner .
the parking garage , one street away , was quick and easy .
i had a great 11- day stay at the chancellor . san francisco is one of the most unique and beautiful cities in the world .
in addition to all the outstanding tourist attractions , shopping and restaurants you see in the brochures , the whole city is an attraction .
the waterfront is unspoiled and spectacular , especially the views from the walkways along the marina , where there is plenty of parking space .
you can explore the neighborhoods on bart , the muni , the buses , or the wonderful antique street cars , whimsically gathered from all over the world , that run along market street .
we shall return !
my husband and i just returned from spending our entire vacation week at the chancellor .
yes , when we first walked into the room , it seemed small .
but of course i 've read everything on tripadvisor and we expected that .
it would have been small , had we brought kids with us and tried to put a cot in there .
but for the two of us , who used the room for a late - afternoon rest each day and then for sleeping each night , it was just perfect .
the walk - in closet and drawer space meant we could truly unpack and get rid of our suitcases .
the bathroom had plenty of shelving and great supplies .
the tub was big enough for 2 to soak in .
plenty of hot water , and everything in the room and bathroom was very clean and pleasant . we found the staff to be very friendly and helpful , offering good suggestions when we asked about restaurants and showing us exactly which buses would take us where .
in a week , we never had to take a cab , and we explored every neighborhood in the city . we had specifically asked for a high floor , overlooking union square , and that is exactly what we got .
we were blessed with warm , beautiful weather all week and had our room and bathroom windows open a few inches the entire time .
there is also an overhead fan to help cool the room down when the sun streams in .
the two elevators are new , very quiet , very fast . . . just excellent .
we never heard a peep from our neighbors .
if street noises bother you , just bring some of those little foam earplugs .
or walk a few steps up the block and get some at walgreens . there are complimentary copies of the sf chronicle , nytimes and usa today in the lobby each morning .
excellent coffee and tea , and always some cookies and fruit there for the taking at all times .
freshly popped popcorn many afternoons .
problem - free wi - fi in the rooms or in the lobby , free local phone calls . . . all these little things added to the comfort and economy of our visit . the best restaurants are not in union square , but half the fun of being there is venturing out to other areas and finding new favorites .
we found the absolute best breakfast in san francisco several blocks away .
the hotel 's breakfast is very tasty too . we ca not imagine paying two or three times as much for a more modern ( sterile ) room in another hotel .
give the chancellor a try !
loved the chancellor a beautiful boutique hotel in a perfect location .
as advertised , rooms are not large but the feeling of being pampered is .
the hot tea , coffee , cookies and apples in the lobby were a nice touch .
service and staff were exceptional , especially , susan song , travel advisor .
for tours , restaurants , etc . she wo not steer you wrong .
i would stay here again .
great hotel we read all the reviews before going to sf and decided to stay at the chancellor hotel .
the reviews were all correct .
could not ask for a better spot .
would stay there next trip .
it was great to step out the front door and hop on the cable car .
great stay !
i had e - mailed mr . tyler prior to our trip telling him that my boyfriend was flying in from hawaii to visit my family and i for the holidays .
we took a one night getaway to the city and mr . tyler had pre - assigned us to a corner room on the top floor and had champagne waiting for us along with a card !
the staff was very accomodating ( we checked in a little early ) and the room was very roomy for a hotel right in union square .
i did not think the bathtub was as small as other people had written in other reviews . . . we quite liked it and the rubber duck was a cute touch .
= ) the chancellor hotel is in a perfect location and we would definitely stay there again !
next time , we hope to stay longer than one night !
great base for san francisco we stayed at the chancellor hotel for the second time and as people say the location is brilliant .
the best of the hotels of this price range on union square .
actually what i like the most about this hotel is that you do not feel like a number like you do with a lot of experiences in the us .
there are the sound issues , you have to know that before going in . i love the location right next door to borders bookshop which is open till 11pm at night unlike in new zealand where we live , and the shops close at 5.30pm !
i go into the book shop after dinner and browse the great range of travel books on san francisco .
if you are a shopaholic you have to get the frommers book by suzy gershman 's born to shop san francisco .
she has a lot of tips also about getting around sf and which neighbourhoods to visit for great shopping , like fillmore st .
if you are going to sf get a room at the chancellor , it will save you the money which you can spend on getting around by taxi to some of the great places to see just outside the centre !
you ca not argue with value like that .
we stayed at the chancellor hotel after originally choosing another hotel but after reading reviews of the chancellor we changed our booking and we were not dissapointed .
it is everything it claims to be and the reviews we read were spot on .
excellent location , price , friendly helpful staff and comfortable rooms and best of all as much tea as you can drink !
i particularly liked the christmas decoration of a scale model of the hotel in the lobby made out of breakfast cereal and other interesting food stuffs .
believe the reviews and stay at the chancellor it 's absolutely worth it .
we 'll be back to stay at the chancellor every single time .
the chancellor was perfect for us .
we had read about the sound issues people had had , and requested a quiet room .
unfortunately we got a corner rear room that while providing a decent view of union square also allowed some of the street traffic noise to make it 's way up 13 floors .
no worries though prepared with ear plugs sleep was not a problem .
we did not notice any problem with the bathrooms , and quite enjoyed the hallway of a closet that the corner room provided ( our traveling companions got the adjoining room and we found their closet to be much smaller ) .
we loved the coffee that was provided pretty much around the clock , we must have saved $50 not having to buy coffee a couple times a day .
the staff was friendly and helpful , and the bartender offered some great tips for new years eve .
although we ended up back at the hotel bar pretty much every night .
( great prices on the half bottles of wine ! ! ) biggest selling point for us though convenience !
my wife is/was 6 months pregnant and not in the mood for walking miles and miles .
she is also an admitted shop - a - holic , the location of the chancellor and the price allowed her to spend hours shopping with out having to walk more than 2 minutes or so to get to her first shopping center .
after picking up a map from macy 's that listed all the shopping in the area she was able to spend 2 whole days shopping and never be more than 5-10 minute walk from the hotel and a bed/restroom to recoup .
this close proximity also allowed me multiple options as far as bars to watch the bowl games .
stop by and check out union square sports bar a few blocks down the road as well as the mediterranean restaurant next store .
both excellent choices .
terrfic customer service this hotel staff was superb in customer service .
it seemed like they could not do enough for us including moving our room and supplying us with a refrigerator .
the little touches meant a lot including the chocolate chip cookies , the rubber ducky and the candy jar .
it has a great location on union square .
i would recommend to others .
excellent hotel in fabulous location this is a comfortable , clean and affordable boutique hotel just off union square .
it is an excellent location for tourists as the cable car runs from union square , there are loads of buses on nearby market street and powell street bart is a 5 min walk .
also plenty of shops and restarants just outside the hotel .
we asked for a quiet room beforehand so had no problem with noise .
there is always hot tea and coffee available . this is the hotel to be in if you want to be in a central location close to public transport . we spent 5 nights here and i 'd go back without a doubt .
what a great place to stay in san francisco i booked the chancellor to attend a conference .
the initial room assignment was not to my liking and they moved me immediately to an alternate room .
the wifi service was good and was included in the room rate .
i loved the large tub after long days at the conference .
i enjoyed walking outside the hotel and catching the cable car down to market street to start out my days at the conference at the moscone centre .
i ate breakfast next door at sears .
it was no problem to get a seat at the counter .
the bed was comfortable and i always felt safe .
i took the bart to and from the airport , it was only a 10 minute walk from the powell street station to the hotel .
i would recommend buying a muni pass that gives you 7 days trnasit on the buses and the cable cars , it was great value .
i will be staying here again next year .
fantastic hotel i recently stayed at the chancellor ( sept ) and would stay there again at a heartbeat .
i initially found it difficult to find a quality hotel at a reasonable price in san fran .
that was until i found the chancellor via trip advisor , i did not look back .
i contacted wes tyler personally , who was nothing short of fantastic , he accommodated everything my parents , husband and i needed .
he helped us out with some great rates , included a complimentary bottle of wine for my husband who celebrated his birthday whilst we were there .
he also helped us organise our alcatraz trip ( a must whilst your there ) .
everytime i contacted him , he replied promptly even though there is huge time difference between san fran and the uk .
he even provided us with info on areas/where to stay around yosemite .
i felt extremely confident before even leaving the uk we would have a memorable stay . . . . . we did . the bellman - matt immediately took our cases and opened the door , we were checked in within 2 minutes by extremely courteous reception staff and in our room within 5 minutes of arriving , just what you want after a long journey .
i actually took the time to meet wes and thank him halfway through our stay .
we were staying ( thanks to wes ) in a suite which was lovely , the rooms were beautifully decorated and we even had a view of union square , perfect . i would recommend this hotel to anyone , its worth the money , and the staff are fantastic and courteous at all times . . . stay there and see for yourself , you wo not be disappointed .
had a great stay at the chancellor i stayed in the chancellor for four nights in september .
i really cannot say anything negative about my stay .
the location was great , i was able to get to anywhere i wanted in the city with ease through public transportation or walking .
the staff was friendly and it was a great value .
my room was clean and comfortable , larger then what i thought it would be .
if i visit the city again , i would stay at this hotel as well as recommend it to friends and family .
i 'll be back !
excellent choice for a business hotel .
location is convienent , staff was courteous , efficient and friendly .
the wifi worked without a problem .
i was in town for a convention and it was a very short 10 minute walk to the moscone center .
as a frequent traveller , i 'm calling the chancellor my home away from home while i 'm in san francisco .
excellent location the chancellor hotel offers a wonderful location for an excellent price .
the service was pleasant and non - intrusive , just how i like it ! we had a room on one of the lower floors , which meant it was quite loud .
not a problem for us , but if you prefer a quiet stay , make sure you ask for a higher room . the pillow menu is a nice touch . i would absolutely recommend this accommodation to anyone travelling to san francisco .
wonderful stay ! ! ! = ) me and my mother would recommend this hotel . . . we spend 10 days ate the chancellor .
the location is absolutely perfect in union square . the hotel was clean , quiet , and we thought , a wonderful value . staff very friendly and helpful . how can you not love a pillow menu and a superdeep bathtub with a rubber ducky waiting for you ? ?
and the complementary coffe and cookies ? ?
and wifi internet access add to the experience and i would definitely stay again on another and certainly recommend it .
a real find !
if you like smaller european - style hotels where the rooms are not huge but the service is and you 're right in the middle of wonderful shopping and the vibrant life of san francisco , then you 'll love the chancellor . wes tyler and his staff will be your hosts and will treat you like guests , not customers .
the chancellor 's own web site even gives you the email addresses of wes ( the manager ) and key members of his staff so they can help with your requests even before you arrive .
how many hotels have you stayed in where you remember the manager 's name after you leave ?
that was a new experience for us , but his interest in our comfort and enjoyment of san francisco made him a friend we 'll not forget . the hotel is not air conditioned , but anyone who knows san francisco will tell you there is seldom any need for it in the 'city by the bay '.
and do not be fooled by the relatively low rates - the decor and ambiance belie the prices .
we 're already looking forward to a return trip to san francisco and the chancellor hotel .
excellent hotel all round we spent 5 nights at the chancellor and could not find fault .
it is excellent value for money .
the hotel has wonderful character , facilities and is in a fantastic position right on union square .
little features like free homemade cookies and tea/coffee in the lobby all day , the 'pillow menu ' and wifi internet access add to the experience and i would definitely stay again on another visit .
staff also very friendly and breakfast menu and food very good .
great location , excellent value i stayed at the chancellor hotel for two nights at the end of august .
i chose the hotel because of the location near union square and price , but was also impressed with the friendly staff and the comfortable rooms .
why spend a ton of money on a luxury hotel when you can get a great room at the chancellor and spend your extra money on shopping or dining ?
this was my first time at the chancellor hotel , but it will not be my last !
wonderful , great location the chancellor is fantastic !
when i told wes tyler , the general manager , that we were celebrating our 40th anniversary , he upgraded us to a suite on the back side on the 14th floor away from the noise .
the suite was larger than we antisipated and could not have been better !
we were checked in early and a bottle of champaigne was waiting in our room .
the location is as good as it gets .
we ate breakfast at sears next door .
the staff , from the desk clerk , the bellman , the maintance man , to the tour desk lady were all over the top .
they made you feel as if you were the only people there ! although we were concerned about the lack of air conditioning , the overhead fans and the ability to open the windows kept us very comfortable . i could not imagine a better place to stay , especially concidering the cost . thanks wes , for a wonderful stay .
great location  i have to admit that it 's not a big room , but it 's in sf and i was perfectly satisfied with the size ( i 'm from tokyo . lol ) .
the front man arranged us early check - in  the door - bell chased me to the powel st . after i checked out because he was worried about my heavy luggage .
as other reviews , the location is perfect to go anywhere  i could have enjoyed in my short stay there .
it was the second time to go to sf but the first time to stay chancellor hotel .
i 'll go back to the hotel again !
great location , outstanding value we stayed from aug 22 to aug 27.
the location was so convenient to everything we wanted to do while visiting .
the hotel was spotlessly clean , employees were professional , always polite and very efficient .
the hotel was quiet so our sleep was never interupted we will be back to visit san francisco and will stay at the chancellor .
quick tip , take the bart from sfo to powell station .
cost to us was $4.95 a person , visitors center upstairs where we picked up our muni pass which was very convenient and economical 
great ! great !
this was our first time in sf and i booked this hotel according to the positive reviews i read here on tripadvisor - what a great experience !
this hotel is clean , affordable , very nicely located close to everything ( shopping dining cable cars etc . . ) , the lady at the tour desk was very helpful and booked our city tour and trip back to the airport .
make sure you eat some of the cookies , they are delicious ! i absolutely recommend this hotel and will stay there again for sure !
the best hotel in sf we stayed at the chancellor on the first night of our honeymoon ( we were flying out to maui from sfo ) .
from start to finish , this hotel was class !
excellent service ( champagne in our bedroom , special pillows ) and the front desk staff was phenomenal .
our every need was met !
on top of all this - the hotel is very well maintained and the rooms while small are ample .
the location simply cannot be beat .
my husband and i walked everywhere we needed to go , and took a cable car to fisherman 's wharf that night .
the cable car picks up right across the street from the hotel .
i have stayed in at least fifteen to twenty hotels in sf ( we live in sacramento , so we visit the city all the time ) .
of all the hotels we have stayed at , the chancellor is by far the best .
i will be heading back soon !
i just returned from a two - night stay and it was all wonderful .
the hotel is in a beautiful location and the hotel itself is outstanding .
i asked for a quiet room and they did not hesitate for a minute - they gave me a quiet room facing the back .
the staff was very helpful : rohan ( the 'h ' is silent , he tells me ) was the one who nicely helped me with the room and a young lady ( whose name i did not catch ) was very helpful in offerring to help me set up my laptop to receive e - mails in their wired rooms ( take her up on her offer , if you have trouble ; i figured it out ten minutes before i was due to check out .
guys do not ask for directions , but i took that too far ) .
you can book the hotel with confidence .
i have no complaints whatsoever .
ideal location , loved the chancellor outstanding staff - - they really cared to please guests .
had an early flight in so got to hotel at 9:00 am thinking we 'd check bags and go out until 1 or 2:00.
stopped back by after breakfast at 10:30 and they had our room ready for us !
this type of attentiveness occurred repeatedly during our 3- day stay there .
the room was immaculate , lots of attn . to details .
great value , excellent location !
we visit san francisco at least twice a year and stay at the chancellor hotel .
the union square location is perfect and the hotel is a great value ! we have stayed at boutique hotels and expensive , well - known hotels in the city but the chancellor won us over with their friendly staff .
the rooms are small , which is to be expected , in any of the city 's hotels except for the new tower hotels .
the rooms have comfortable beds , large closets , large tubs with shower combo and a friendly rubber duckie !
excellent coffee and tea , as well as cookies , are available in the lobby .
luques , the hotel restaurant , serves an excellent breakfast and room service is delivered quickly .
staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
the location on powell street puts you in the center of the city 's major tourist sites : union square , shopping , restaurants , china town , the theatre district and the cable cars . . . all within walking distance .
excellent hotel this hotel is excellent .
i stayed there for 4 days , and absolutley everything went perfectly .
best of all , ms . song , at the tour desk , was very helpful .
she arranged our rental car , gave us tips and directions , taxis , etc . the location of this hotel could not be better .
it was easy to get from/to , and you could walk to anything .
the trolley comes right to the front door also . several other reviews complained of noise in the front rooms .
i did not find that to be the case at all .
we stayed on the 5th floor , at the fron of the hotel .
it was quiet at night .
the soudproofing was quite good . the bathrooms were not as small as i expected , and the rooms were a nice size .
at no time dod i feel cramped . i highly recommend this hotel to anyone .
it was an excellent value .
great hotel and excellent value !
i stayed at the chancellor on july 5th and 6th .
i arrived a day earlier than planned , and the hotel was able to accomodate me immediately .
all of the staff that i encountered was friendly and helpful .
the room was smaller , in the european style , but it was a perfect size for me .
the tub was wonderful - it was very deep and perfect for a long soak after a day in the city .
the bath salts and rubber ducky were an excellent touch .
from the hotel , it 's easy to access bart and the cable cars , and it 's within walking distance of great shopping , resterants , and theater .
for a first time san francisco visitor , it is darn near perfect . the chancellor is an outstanding value for the dollar .
i highly recommend it for its value , cleanliness , and convienance .
good choice thought this was an excellent choice for san francisco - really good location near to lots of good things to see and places to eat .
we had 2 interconnecting rooms of a good size with lots of storage ( very useful as we had lots of luggage ) , with lovely big bathtubs and very comfortable beds .
the staff were all very helpful and attentive . we paid $99 per room per night via san francisco hotels , which i thought was excellent value for the quality of accommodation and location .
the lobby where you got the neverending supply of coffee and cookies was a bit small and could get a bit full of tour groups and people with luggage , but that was the only downside . we stayed in the height of summer and did not notice the lack of air conditioning .
we had rooms at the back which i would recommend , we were disturbed on our last night by some noise , but otherwise we slept soundly .
location , ambience , price !
well , all the great reviews i 've read here these past many months were right about the chancellor .
first of all , i was glad i stayed in the union square area instead of the wharf ; there was more to do in the evening , and the beggar situation was nowhere near as bad as i expected .
as for the hotel itself , who said the rooms were small ?
i thought they were just right for a couple , and besides , the closet was huge !
it really gave us a place to stash the suitcases .
we had a nice view of union square and the cable cars going by , and the street - level horn player at night added to the atmosphere . nearby is everything . . . all the shops , eating places of all kinds ( we liked lori 's diner just up the street , it was cheap and good ) .
just two doors down is a borders book store , the big stores like macy 's and the rest are very close as well .
although only one elevator was working , the wait was never long .
nice touches : - the clocks over the elevators with the times for sf , honolulu , ny , london , tokyo etc . - coffee and various teas in the lobby , along with the chronicle , ny times and usa today newspapers . -
the rubber ducky and pillow menu .
- a deep bathtub . -
a retro feel to the whole hotel , not shabby in any way , but clean and classy looking . -
the good vibes here , i 've never chatted so much to people in elevators as i have here ! overall we enjoyed our stay here very much , and would definitely recommmend it to any couples looking for a safe place to land in sf .
get a muni pass from the tour desk , our 3 day pass for $15 was a bargain .
surpassed expectations it was everything as stated and more .
location , price , amenities etc .
the staff was so friendly and helpful .
the lady at the tour desk was very helpful and patiently answered all of our questions .
her help was invaluable .
i recommend buying the muni pass for unlimited travel ( available at the tour desk ) .
it more than pays for itself especially if you want to ride the cable cars more than once or twice . the rooms were charming and provided more amenities than many brand name hotels .
i would classify it as a genuine boutique hotel and highly recommend it to everyone .
i am a retired airline employee who 's traveled the world and i know a bargain when i see one .
folks , this is it ! date of stay : may 18-20 
fantastic place to stay my family and i stayed at the chancellor to celebrate my 40th birthday .
if you are going to stay anywhere whilst in san fransisco stay here .
the hotel is clean , the staff are great , nice personal touches .
would definatley stay there again .
excellent hotel my boyfriend and i were attending a conference and decided to stay at the chancellor hotel .
it is a very nice , clean hotel in the very best location in san francisco .
it is on union square .
the room was clean .
there was some outside noise but it did not bother us .
the breakfast in the hotel was awesome .
especially the omelet with goat cheese and sun dried tomatoes .
this is an excellent choice if you do not want to spend a lot of money on a hotel and want to be in union square .
excellent location , reasonable rates the location is excellent , the only problem was that i heard the bell from cable car all the time haha .
the room is very clean , and the staff seems sincere .
they have free cookies and coffee in the lobby , but no coffee maker in room ( may be just mine ) .
great hotel ! ! great location ! !
we stayed four nights and definitely would stay again .
had a corner room on the 12th floor that was big with a walk in closet .
everything was very clean and comfortable .
the fresh fruit upon arrival was a very nice touch along with the cookies and apples at the front desk .
the location was the best , cable cars right outside , no problem .
if you do stay longer than three days do purchase a pass for $15, well worth it .
they do have ones for 7 days as well that you can buy right at the hotel .
we ate at lori 's diner a block up very good with big portions and at uncle vito 's a couple of blocks up for dinner .
( good pasta and pizza ) if you do have a car , it is a 20 minute wait but call in the morning and let them know when you would like the car and it 's waiting for you .
we did not have a problem with the elevator , the other one should be open in june .
they do a excellent job ! ! !
wonderful place to stay !
my husband and i returned recently from a six day stay at the chancellor .
we read many reviews before making our decision and are thankful we booked the chancellor .
it is not the place to stay if one is interested in spending the whole day in the room in a hot tub pampering oneself .
we went to enjoy the city and wanted a clean , comfortable room in a perfect location .
the whole staff was extremely helpful and friendly .
we asked for a corner room above the fifth floor located on the back side of the hotel to be away from the street noise .
we left our windows open during the day , but closed them at night and left the ceiling fan on .
the bed was very comfortable , and we slept soundly .
we asked for a refrigerator which was in our room and chilled upon our arrival .
we arrived at noon , but our room was ready , so we were able to check in immediately .
the large closet and room safe were really appreciated .
our first stop was chinatown to buy fresh fruits and veggies to keep in our room .
walgreens is nextdoor , so we bought soft drinks and other snacks as well as getting our film developed at the one hour photo .
the location could not have been better .
all transportation was within four blocks and the muni pass was worth every penny .
during our stay , we toured all sections of the city and were able to get on and off any place and time we wished .
we used buses , trolleys , and the bart .
a car was not needed except for a trip outside the city .
on geary st near powell , lefty o 'douls has an inexpensive menu and a piano bar we really enjoyed on saturday night .
we also got a great sandwich to take back with us on our flight .
i could go on and on about our wonderful time .
we ca not wait to go back and will positively stay at the chancellor .
great hotel !
i recently spent three nights in the chancellor hotel and loved it .
it was a perfect size - - big enough to offer amenities that one does not find at tiny hotels , yet small enough to feel cozy and friendly .
everything was spotlessly clean .
and you could not ask for a more friendly , pleasant , helpful staff .
i recommend it highly .
ambassadors for san francisco and america??? ? #x201d ;
a big thank , we had a wonderful holiday - what ambassadors for san francisco and america??? ? br/>i feel i must write this , as we are all too quick to criticise and very rarely take the time to give praise where due . my husband and i were visiting san francisco from england for the first time , we stayed at the hotel on in april for 5 nights and i can only endorse all the previous comments .
all of the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful .
the location is superb , right in the heart of everything . the coffee , cookies and fruit in the lobby were a nice and very welcoming touch ? ? in our busy schedule we never had chance to sample the restaurant , but i feel sure it lived up to the rest of the high standards throughout the hotel . the rooms were exceptionally clean and the little touches of the rubber duck  umbrella were much appreciated . i would certainly recommend this hotel , should we have the good fortune to visit san francisco again - it would be our first choice .
hotel with character we arrived in sf tired from a long plane ride and it was great toarrive at a hotel that made you feel at home .
the bellman rienaldowas real nice and remembered us throughout our stay .
the restaurantwas also very good .
we ate at sears fine foods next door and had a goodmeal but the hotel restaurant was just as good !
our room was small buthad the character of a european hotel .
exceeded my expectations and i expected much .
a big big thank you to all tripadvisor members who recommended the chancellor .
thanks even to those who tried to nit - pick because it caused the general manager to reply and it was obvious from his replies that he was very proud of his hotel .
i thought , this just has to be a well - run hotel .
- so i booked it . i was not disappointed ; the chancellor met all my expectations and then some .
my wife , who is very fussy about rooms being clean was very pleased with the cleanliness and comfort of our room .
we stayed eight nights and had a great time in sf .
the hotel is near to : cable cars ( just outside ) , trolley busses and trams ( a short walk to market st ) and the shops .
it was dead easy to get to fisherman 's warf even when the cable - cars were were busy over the easter holiday - we just took the f - line from market street . one of the lifts was not working while we were there , due to renovation , but it caused us very little inconvenience . the staff were very polite and helpful and one of the reception staff twice helped me out when i had got into a mess with shuttle - bus bookings . i live a long long way from sf but , if i ever get to go there again , i shall definitely be booking into the chancellor .
i 've just returned from a 9- night stay at the chancellor , and i must state that it was fantastic !
before booking the hotel , i read reviews on trip advisor , and thought everyone is going over the top on this one , but having stayed there , i 'm joining in the praise - giving ! the best bits ?
it 's cheap , but you would not think so with the service they provide !
the location is out of this world . . . right on union square , on powell street ( so you can easily get a cable car to fishermans wharf ) and within walking distance (15-20 mins max ) of places like the moscone convention center south of market .
the room was perfectly sized for me - i ca not understand why people were saying it was too small , but maybe it would be a stretch with 2 people staying , i do not know .
nice touches included the jar of sweets and the rubber duck - a coffee machine would have been great , if only to wake me up in the morning ( as the bed was too comfortable ! ) ,
but that 's only a minor issue as there was coffee available in the reception area .
it was also really quiet - despite being in a busy area , i never really had a problem sleeping , and it was certainly in a safe location . thanks also go to the lady on the tour desk , who i probably annoyed too much with my requests for bus tours , sweets , drinks , transfers to the airport etc . . . but she carried out these requests with no fuss at all . problems ?
nothing major , and certainly nothing to reduce the review by 5 stars to 4. i think most have commented on the fact only one lift works - although on the 11th floor , i never found this a problem at all ( no more than 5 minutes waiting ) , and while i was there , it was clear that everything was being done to accomodate this ( e . g .
notifying residents ) , so i ca not really call this a problem .
however , i did once try to walk to the 11th floor ( of 14, i think ) and , even as a fit ( ish ) 20- something , i was really tired by the time i got to the top !
also , room service in the evening was only provided wed - sat : i would have liked this to have been provided on other nights , as ( travelling alone ) i found it really awkward walking into restaurants and asking for a table for one . . . however , there were plenty of local restaurants only steps away from the hotel , so i guess it 's a business decision - i normally ate my food at the bar , and it did not appear that the service was over - subscribed , so i guess most people would prefer to eat out at a local restaurant instead .
finally , i would not really book here if you 're a smoker ( the hotel is completely non - smoking ) , or if you 're looking for a party atmosphere ( e . g . a stag night/bachelor party ) - go to a cookie - cutter hotel for that ! overall , great !
if i return to sf , i 'll certainly return here .
value  my girlfriend and i recently spent four nights ( fri thru mon ) at the chancellor and could not have been happier .
the location , on powell st . about a block above union sq . , is perfect : it 's about a 10- minute walk from the bart station at market  powell ( easy  cheap to get to either sfo or oakland airport ) or , perhaps more importantly , chinatown ; the powell/hyde cable car is right outside the door ; and its location places you within an hour 's walk of most things you 'd want to do in town .
and sf is a beautiful walking city . our room , if not commodious , was cozy , comfy , quiet ( tip : we were on the top floor not facing powell ) and spotless .
it also had a nice view of the sf skyline ( not postcard - worthy , but still cool ) .
one thing significant in my chosing the chancellor was that guests have free gym privileges at the westin just down the block .
also , if you 're driving , the hotel has reduced - rate parking at an indoor lot just a couple blocks away ( unlimited in/out ) .overall , we got great value for our $$ , and would happily stay at the chancellor again .
a *must stay* hotel my partner and i got to the hotel on friday the 25th for a three night stay .
after a quick four block walk from the bart station , we were a little early for check in .
knowing that check in was not until 3pm ( it was 10:30a ) , we did not think it 'd hurt to ask if our room was ready .
it was not , but , this is where this hotel 's sincere hospitality we 've all been reading about started .
the young girl at the desk was very apologetic to us about the room not being available , but she actually called housekeeping to see when it would be ready .
they gave her an approximate time for our exact room and she offered to hold our luggage .
she recommended a couple of things to do in and around union square to pass the time and should check back later , all this time calling me by my last name .
within 2 hours , we came back ( still waaay before the 3 o 'clock hour ) and happily said our room was ready .
it 's a great way to start a vacation .
no complaints whatsoever with the room .
14th floor , overlooking union square .
elevator wait , no problem .
no air conditioner , no problem .
not the right pillow we wanted , no problem .
great towels , great closet , the ceiling fan a great touch .
the window fully opened letting us take the views and the sounds all in .
we took advantage of the free cookies , coffee , apples , and candy ( in the room ) .
we befriended the lady behind the tour desk .
i think her name was susan .
despite what was previously said about her in a another post , she was genuinely friendly .
she reminded us of edna , respectfully , in the movie the incredibles .
: - ) she was full of recommendations and answered our questions before we even asked .
this is where you buy the 3 day or 1 day passport for the cable cars , muni buses , or trolleys .
great value .
she has the usual cokes , bottles of water , aspirin , etc . for sale .
you can also buy tour tickets from her as well . we did eat at the restaurant there .
luques ( ? ) i think was the name .
it was sunday morning we ate breakfast there .
good , fast , a little on the high $ide , but nonetheless worth it .
the location of this hotel , as said before , is unbeatable .
wether going north bound or south bound on the cable cars , the stops are literally 30 steps away from the front door .
you have anything you want within 4 blocks of you .
shopping , a walgreens , the laci diner ( open until 3am on the weekends ) , chinatown , bart , market street , you name it .
and do take advantage of the public transportation san fran has to offer .
i have never been on a public bus in any major city before this trip , and when i did , i felt safe and relatively comfortable ( even on a rainy saturday night ) .
did not take one single cab ride anywhere .
also there are plenty of bus stops within 2 blocks of the hotel going in any direction .
with san francisco and all of her glory , every night we were still looking forward to coming back to the chancellor even after taking in the sights and sounds .
and every night we were met with hi , how are you ? , good evening , how was your night ? , etc . truly heartfelt and meaningful .
what else is there to say ?
absolutely not a place to forget .
thank you !
will never stay anywhere else ! !
well , the reviewer in front of me stole most of my thunder but it 's worth repeating because this hotel rocks ! ! my wife and i stayed at the chancellor for two nights on our way to our annual trip to lake tahoe .
check - in : we arrived at the hotel an hour or so before check - in time and were informed that our room was ready ( yes ! ) .
we were shown to our room and what is waiting for us after our long journey from florida ?
a very nice bottle of champagne on ice .
we felt like king  queen , what a great touch .
i do not think they do this for everybody , but i 'm not sure .
i had had some previous correspondence with the gm about his comments on this board and his superior commitement to his hotel by e - mail . the room : we requested a room facing union square and located on a high floor .
guess what - we were on the 14th floor and faced union square .
we travel a lot and i have never stayed in a room more clean , ever .
this includes the ritz and a couple other 5 star hotels .
the rooms are plenty big for two people .
there was a small desk with chair , a queen sized bed , 2 cocktail chairs with table , a dresser , and 2 nightstands ( i think ) .
a large walk - in closet was great for holding luggage ( we had a ton ) , clothes , and shoes .
the bathroom was normal sized with a tub/shower , a sink , and a toilet ( obviously ) .
the bathroom had obviously been remodeled quite a few times over a 100 year period but maybe could use a little touch up .
it was sparkeling and spotless , but the tile and floors could be replaced or touched up .
this is my only mildly negative comment . personal touches : this is where this hotel really shines .
we have never seen anything like it ! -fluffy ,
oversized , monogrammed towles and washclothes were heaven . -rubber
ducky in the bath was great . -high
quality coffee in the lobby 24/7 - free ! -cookies and fruit in the lobby 24/7 - free ! -mixed hard candy jar in every room - free ! -pillow menu to die for .
( they even have a pillow with music/speakers in it ) -white noise and sound machines available upon request . -foot
massagers  bubble bath machines available for small fee . -umbrealla located in every room ( chances are you 'll need it at some point ) -room safe with your personal access code . -harry
david chocolate on our pillows on valentine 's day . -cieling fans in every room . i know there are more but i ca not remember tham all .
needless to say , we were thrilled with all the above . location : ca not be beat !
walk about 10 steps and you 're at a cablecar stop on powell street ( chinatown , fisherman 's . wharf , etc . . . )
you can walk to chinatown ( it 's a small hike ) .
all the shopping around union square .
buy your muni pass about a half block away .
many great bars and restaurants within walking distance .
what more can i say . staff : absolutely great ! !
we never walked through the lobby without somebody asking us can we do anything to make your stay better ?
or how is your stay at the chancellor so far ? or do you need any tour information ?
- you get the point .
everybody was extremely friendly and helpful .
smiles all the way around at check - in and check - out .
you can tell it 's a great big family atmosphere .
i agree with the above review regarding the bartender , but would never let one employee blemish the entire staff . misc . : - elevators
were being upgraded and it was really no big deal .
we were on the 14th floor and only had to wait about 4-5 minutes a couple times .
we justed talked to others waiting and learned some things we did not know about the area . -we
never ate int the restaurant but it looked nice .
we did have a great meal at sears next door one night . -we
loved that the entire property was no smoking ! !i think that about covers it but i 'm probably forgetting some things .
hope this helps future visitors to san francisco !
please stay at the chancellor ! !
i would be happy to answer anybody 's questions .
i check this board frequently . mike 
loved our stay ! !
the chancellor was a great place for us to stay .
we loved that sears fine foods is next door .
the staff was very friendly and the room was quite clean and very quiet ( we were on the back side ) .
chinatown , union square and cable cars were very convenient .
we will stay here again ! ! ! !
loved the chancellor i just got home from a fabulous first visit to san francisco and i have to say my stay at the chancellor was more than great .
i used trip advisor as a guide in picking out a hotel , still i was not sure i made the right decision . . . once i got to chancellor i knew immediately that i made a great decision .
first the location is unbelievable , in the heart of union square where the best shopping is with the fanciest stores anyone can imagine , close to the best public transportation in the us .
i am from chicago and i thought we have good public transportation but that was until i got to sf and i used muni absolutely everywhere from one end of the town to the other , great connection with minimum wait , get muni pass it 's also good for the cable car which happen to have a stop right in front of the hotel . chancellor hotel . . . friendly staff with a great sense of humor , rarely found anywhere else .
to check in took exactly 2 minutes , i guess they also know what they are doing . . . : ) elevators , every entry that mentioned the elevators were saying they are slow , let me tell you the elevators are fine , true it 's not like the devil 's drop at great america but they work just fine , and you know what if you think these are slow evators than go to europe and i would love to hear one 's opinion than .
europe 's elevator have the speed of a snail race , that is if the elevator works at all .
the rooms . . .
when i opened the door i expected to enter this room a bit bigger than a closet , considering everyone mentioned how small the rooms are , well . . . the rooms are perfect , actally i was a little surprised to see that was not small at all .
from the room we had a great view of the union square .
the beds were so comfortable and sooooooo clean .
i am a very picky person who always checks every layer of the bed sheets making sure it 's clean and no surprises .
i was surprised but this time it was because beds were so white , crisp , clean no funny smell . . . bathroom , again very , very clean , very well stocked , even q - tips , and yes the ruber ducky was there waiting for us , nice touch .
in the lobby , 24 hours hot coffe , tea , fresh homemade cookies , yummmm and fresh apples . . . great way to start your day with . overall i have to say i was very satisfyied with my stay at the chancellor .
next time in san francisco , i can guarantee i will be checking in at the chancellor .
and for the management : congratulation on a great staff you have , keep them happy , they deserve it , afterall they keep your customers happy and i am sure you know that is not always an easy task . . . god bless ! : ) 
great location and value my wife and i stayed at the chancellor from 9/30/04 - 10/4/04 and could not have enjoyed it more .
the location is excellent and the union square area is full of excellent dining and shopping choices .
we especially enjoyed the chancellor 's free pillow menu - our favorite was the buckwheat pillow which guaranteed a good night 's rest .
the chancellor has a small hotel feel and it is a charming place to stay .
we would stay at the chancellor again with no hesitation .
the only downside to san francisco is parking which is costly - $ 30 per day for valet parking .
extremely pleased i just returned from a 4 night stay at the chancelor in san francisco and i could not be happier with the building , location and service we recieved .
the hotel is extremely clean and right in the heart of union square .
from there it was very easy to use public transportation to get to all of the outlying neighborhoods we wanted to visit .
the staff was friendly and knowledgable .
although we did not eat at the restaurant , the food looked great and prices were in line with other restaurants in the area .
we visited while a hotel workers strike was going on at some of the larger hotels and from our room in the back of the chancelor , the noise was minimal .
i really pitied the people who paid top dollar to stay at one of those establishments and then were assalted with banging drums and air horns from 6am to 10pm each day .
i have been burned in the past by booking a hotel sight unseen on the internet but this one turned out to be a real gem .
you do not have to worry , all the good things that you hear and read about the chancelor are true .
the price is right !
after we paid $60 dollers a night for 4 nights in mid july 04 i checked this site and thought there must be two hotels of this name and we had paid for a dud ! ! to be honest we visited the city last summer and knew the location but where still worried there had been a mistake with the price , but no .
this is an excellent hotel no matter which part of the service you look at , the rooms , staff , public areas even the normally surly reception staff where up - beat , friendly and helpful . i would have no problem in recommending this property , we paid $280 a night for a suite in a hyatt in san diego and as nice as it was the chancellor was better .
best hotel in sf i have stayed at the chancellor hotel at least three times in the last 12 mos , the most recent being in june 2004.
i enjoy it more every time .
the rooms and towels are clean , and the candy dish and rubber ducky in the room are something you just do not get anywhere else .
i 've tried a bunch of pillows from the pillow menu , which is fun .
the chancellor will also give you a free pass to use the gym next door at the st . francis hotel , but people staying at the st . francis have to pay to use it !
now that 's a great deal , especially considering how much less a room at the chancellor costs .
my only complaint is that the free cookies and tea and coffee in the lobby are too tempting , which is not really a complaint at all .
this is a great hotel !
comfortable and great value we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the chancellor and agree wholeheartedly with the other reviews .
great location , especially if you have a short stay in s . francisco and want to be handy for all the attractions - just across the square from macy 's .
we stayed on the fifth floor at the back and as the hotel is older in style the solid walls meant that it was very quiet and we heard no noise at all .
perhaps the bathroom could be a bit bigger and more modern but it was clean and functional .
we liked the free jar of sweets in our room !
also the free coffee/tea at the reception area and the super cookies baked fresh every day .
found the staff helpful .
we would stay here again if we were returning to s . f .
good value .
great place !
we stayed here during our trip in may 2004 and found it to be very charming .
rooms were clean and comfortable in size and the oversized bath tub , with rubber ducky , was fantastic .
my brother just loved being able to order from the pillow menu .
the location is ideal and the staff was friendly and very helpful with suggesting places for dinner .
the chancellor is a great choice for your vacation in san francisco and it 's not bad for the budget either .
we will return next year .
family vacation to san francisco and we are going to return to this wonderful city .
stayed 6/12 6-15.
used this site to 'hunt ' for a suitable hotel location .
worried a bit that these reviews are overblown , but not having a better option , i went with the sites recomendations and landed on the chancellor .
for others reading this i can now say 'rest easy ' there is little risk with the chancellor .
i travel a lot and stay in all kinds of hotels all over the country .
what i say next comes from 65 - 80 nights on the road per year .
the chancellor is not 'perfect ' but if your goal is to find a safe , clean , friendly place , with professional staff in a great location and at a price that allows you to focus your resources on seeing the city and doing the other things without feeling buyers remorse , then this place will meet that goal .
this hotel is older (1914) , designed and built in a different era .
it lacks the modern uniformity and the cookie cutter design approach of a westin or hyatt or hilton .
hallways are narrow and twist and turn .
the elevator is small , older and a bit slow for a traveling type 'a ' like me , but hey , use the steps to go down .
with that said , this hotel is as clean and quiet if not cleaner and a more quiet hotel than that of the larger more expensive hotel chains found elsewhere .
rooms are smallish but at this price do what we did , get two adjoining rooms .
room for all ! ! great rest - beds are clean and comfortable - at a very good price . great location .
can walk around as its a safe area - a few beggars perhaps , but this is a large american city not unlike any other large american city in that regard .
easy acess to cable cars , taxis and bart - no need for a car while in the city .
fun tip : rent the blazing saddle bikes and ride across the gg bridge .
yolanda the desk person ( who assisted with our extra nights stay ) and matt the bellman ( who secured me an extra rubber duck ) were names i recall for service .
i ca not recall anyone else at any other hotel i 've stayed at over the past year .
can you ?
it 's that kind of place .
the chancellor : i only wish i could have stayed longer !
i stayed at the chancellor after reveiwing tons of hotels on this site .
i was not disappointed .
i did book directly through the hotels website though , and would recommend that as the price was better than any other site .
i paid 89 for my night , 101 after the taxes .
that was an excellent deal for the place as my 13th floor room overlooked union square .
some other reviewers complained about noise , but the only problem i had was when my neighbors had their television up a little loud .
with the window closed , i could not even really hear the street noise .
i am a great lover of sf , so the cable car bell was actually charming to me . i found the decor to be tasteful .
they avoided that crappy fake border/stencil stuff that many other hotels try to pass off as decorating .
the room was impeccably clean , with opening windows , a ceiling fan which cut any warmth and black out curtains that made the room almost pitch black in the middle of the day if one so desired .
there was also a deep tub that i took full advantage of .
others have complained about the size of the room , but for one or two people , it was quite comfortable .
besides , you 're in the city , why stay in the room if you do not have to ! ?
the hotel staff was excellent and friendly .
i was able to check in a full 2 hours early after a quick email to the hotel site .
the service , even just on their website , was prompt and courteous .
they held my luggage after checkout because i had a couple of hours to kill before leaving .
there are a bounty of shops , restaurants and entertainment within easy walking distance and the public transportation is almost ridiculously easy to use .
if you need a refrigerator in your room , request it ahead of time because mine did not come with one .
that is really my only complaint .
i just wish i could have stayed longer .
i loved the chancellor and would recommend it to anyone .
you are not going to find a better deal for the price .
the reviews are correct !
great place and location i picked this hotel specifically from the reviews on tripadvisor .
the reviewers are correct , this is a good place with a great location .
the hotel is cozy but it is clean , safe , and friendly .
do not waste money on a cab from sfo , the bart is a moderate walk away .
i say moderate because it is uphill , but not as arduous as the walking that sightseeing would entail .
another tip , yes , there is a trolley stop in front of the hotel .
the problem with the trolleys is that they are usually full .
do not waste too much time waiting on them , start walking and you can jump one if it happens to have space .
( we were there on a holiday weekend though ) .
i will stay here again .
just great !
my 6 nights stay with my brother at chancellor last may was just great : the hotel is located right on union square , within walking distance of all attractions .
the room was very comfortable and clean , with two separate beds and a nice bathtub .
the staff was very helpful , too : the check - in was at 2 pm but if you arrive too early , they can keep your luggage safe just for free ! and last but not least , the price is very reasonable (71? ? per night ) .
so was else can we ask more ?
i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone !
our stay was too short !
we spent the night prior to our cruise at the chancellor .
this is a wonderful hotel in a great location .
we did not experience any of the noise that others complained about .
i actually enjoyed hearing the cable car bells as the went past the front doors .
the only disappointment we had was that sears , right next door , was closed for remodeling .
when you consider what other hotels in the area charge - this is an exceptional deal .
everyone in our party is eager to plan a return trip to the chancellor .
excellent all round hotel i stayed at the chancellor hotel for 3 nights in march 04, we booked through trailfinders uk before travelling and paid ?80 per night .
it was excellent , the staff were extremely friendly and approachable .
the rooms were spotless and cleaned well everyday .
the location is perfect for sightseeing around sfo , the cable car stop is literally 2 mins walk from the front of the hotel .
i would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in san francisco .
the breakfast ( not included ) was also excellent .
location , service  we spent our honeymoon at the chancellor and these folks really made it special .
we had narrowed it down to a few other choices but the chancellor rose to the occasion and offered everything we were looking for during our week stay at an affordable price . the self - parking situation is very easy , affordable and convenient .
we we impressed with our room overlooking powell st . with cable cars running through the day .
the atmosphere was exactly what you 'd expect sf to be and more !
'round the clock coffee service in the lobby was especially nice and the staff is one of the friendliest you will find anywhere . we even returned a month later for a show audition that happened to be around the corner and the location once again could not have been more perfect .
guess what ?
we got the gig and might even stay at the chancellor again while we look for something more permanent in the city . it may not be the biggest , tallest or fanicest hotel in sf but it 's by far the friendliest , most convenient and charming downtown hotel i 've ever stayed .
as theatre/musican performers we 've travelled the world and the chancellor is as good as they come ! bravo maestro !
great location excellent location but i counted 8 homeless people who asked me for money within 4 blocks of the hotel .
but hey , what do you expect from a downtown hotel with saks across the road and macy 's across union square .
ours was a quiet room on the 10th floor facing powell .
the corner room we had according to the floor plan is one of the larger rooms .
the rooms in the middle of them are the smallest .
coffee and cookies great .
one cable car tip .
if you go to catch a cable car walk a block or 2 towards market to catch it .
they call the island in the middle of the road at powell and post fantasy island .
the cable car is always full by the time it gets there .
great value city centre hotel my wife and i stayed at the chancellor 2nd march for 3 nights as part of a longer trip to san francisco and lake tahoe ( for skiing ) .
we booked the hotel on the strength of the reviews here and were not disappointed .
we can endorse everything good that has been said about the hotel - it is in a great location , the rooms are clean and comfortable , there are many nice touches like the pillow menu and sweeties ( candy ) provided in the room .
the staff are polite and very helpful . i researched the hotel scene in sf extensively and i doubt whether you can beat this hotel on what they provide for the price .
ok , you could get a bigger room and more opulence elsewhere but your bank balance will suffer ! great job chancellor , what we travellers need is more of your type of hotel - keep up the great work !
we definitely intend to visit sf again and the chancellor will be at the top of our list .
very pleased with my choice i was a bit nervous , never having booked a hotel sight unseen , but after reading the reviews , chose the chancellor  was not dissapointed .
the room was clean , bathtub was great ( duckie too ! )  not as small as i had expected given the reviews .
the location could not be beat , staff very helpful  the coffee , cookies  fruit in the lobby were a tasty touch .
i would definitely stay here again , great value .
great value for the money i selected the hotel after reading tripadvisor comments .
at the end of my one - week stay in march 2004 i was not disappointed !
took the bart from the airport for 5 $ and could walk to hotel with my baggage in 10 minutes .
right by union square and walking distance to moscone convention center .
i requested a quiet room and got one ( no view , but quiet ) .
everybody was very helpful .
the breakfast is a little expensive if you don ? t have coupons or order extras : i would prefer a buffet ) .
good restaurants and coffee shops are close .
there is no a/c but in spring that was no problem .
the room was clean .
i ? ll come back !
superb location , nice clean rooms a friend and i stayed at the chancellor hotel for 4 nights .
the location was excellent - right next to union square where there were lots of great places to shop and tons of restaurants , and very close to most major attractions .
it 's a great place to stay for those who do not have cars - the cable car stop is right in front of the hotel , and the hotel is a very short walking distance to the muni and bart stations .
the hotel is very clean and nice .
the rooms were not very big , but good for 2 people .
the walk - in closet was very useful - an iron and ironing board as well as an umbrella were provided ( which came in handy ) .
there was also a very small safe located in the closet .
this hotel provided more hangers for your clothes than any other hotel i 've ever seen .
also the large bathtub was nice although the power of the showerhead could be a lot stronger .
they also provided coffee , tea , cookies and fruit in the lobby of the hotel which was great .
we tried the restaurant downstairs for breakfast which was good .
the front desk was very fast and efficient .
we enjoyed our stay here and would go back .
great service , great price , great hotel this hotel was a great experience for us .
we stayed in san francisco for 5 nights .
the hotel is right next to union square and the cable cars - not a problem with noise .
my fiance and i slept prefectly throughout the night .
the bath tubs are huge and perfect for a relaxing bath after a long day .
the front desk staff and bellmen were fantastic with directions and places to go , along with restaurant recommendations .
there is free coffee and cookies , which were both delicious .
this was a great hotel at an extremely affordable price when booked on expedia .
i recommend this hotel to everyone ! ! !
unbelievable we stayed here the other weekend for 3 nights .
got a great rate of $69.
we got a lot more than we asked for .
super clean rooms and bathrooms .
rooms a bit small but you easily get over that when you consider your location next door to union square .
unbelievable guest service and hospitality for a small hotel .
very polite staff willing to help with anything .
free passes to westin st . francis gym next door .
will highly recommend for someone looking to stay in sf for a good rate and great location .
nothing bad to say at all .
wonderful european - style hotel on union square we stayed at the chancellor december 26-27.
we had two adjoining rooms for our party of 4 adults and 4 kids .
the rooms were very clean and well equipped .
our rooms fronted on powell street , but the double pane windows kept almost all street noise out .
the rooms are on the small side , but that is more than compensated by the wonderful location and the bargain prices . you really could not ask for a better location .
it 's on powell street , just a half block up from the st . francis and across the street from saks .
the cable car goes right by the front door . if you have a car , the self - parking at $20 with in and out privileges is a good deal .
the garage is just around the corner , and the car is parked for you by attendants at the garage ( the self - parking means you must drive the car to the garage - -big deal ! ) . in the lobby are complimentary coffee and tea , cookies and apples .
we loved the chancellor !
wonderful and a bargain this place is a gem .
located on union square , a short walk from the bay area trains ( bart ) , which can take you directly to the airport for under $5, and with the touristic cable cars and a line of cabs just outside , you get clean , comfortable , good - sized rooms , walk - in cupboards , friendly and helpful staff and lots of other goodies .
they gave us all a free breakfast on christmas day and there are cookies and various types of coffee and tea in the foyer all day .
they really do match any price you find on the internet , so do a price - check here and call them - you wo not be disappointed !
the only negative experience i had was in hearing the neighbours too well - the walls seem to be quite thin .
but the rest made up for this , and it did not stop us from sleeping .
tips for enjoying the chancellor i should have written this ages ago , but . . .
we stayed at the chancellor hotel twice last year , and would definitely stay there again in the future .
wonderful service - -the best of any hotel i can recall - -as well as a great location and economical price .
a few tips : 1) it may be my imagination , but the rooms facing powell street seem a bit larger than those on the inside .
and we did not find them noisier , in spite of being over a busy street .
2) if you like to things on the spur of the moment , use the self - park option - -the garage is very close - -rather than valet parking : the valets have to park quite a distance away , and when traffic was heavy , they were not able to get our car back to us immediately ( i think they ask for 20 minutes ' notice ) .
3) pull/push your door shut completely , to make sure it latches ( a good idea at any hotel ) .
4) take advantage of the bathtub ! 5) when strawberries are in season , go next door to sear 's fine foods for strawberry waffles .
ca not wait to stay again we stayed at the ritz for one night precruise .
from the check in to check out everything was great .
the hotel bar had comfortable seating ( couches  chairs ) , a welcoming atmosphere , warm lighting and entertainment , not to mention the mojito 's  plantain chips were wonderful . the pool  beach were very clean and accomodating .
the service on the beach was excellent , as soon as you come through the glass doors and down the steps the beach the guys that set up your chairs are there to help  very tolerable .
the only downfall is the beach has rocks that you do not see until you trip on them .
my foot went completely into a hole in one  cut my heel , my husband tripped over another .
the casino is clean but did not spend much time there . the blvgari soap  shampoo are awesome .
check out is a breeze , on the tv in the room , so easy .
there are worse ways to spend a tropical vacation . . .
i have lurked on this site for a couple of years , gleaning valuable insight for my own travels .
but until now , i never joined or wrote a review of my own .
i figured it 's time i started carrying my share of the load , so here 's my first tripadvisor review . i traveled to san juan with my wife in mid - november to attend a five - day business conference ; the trip was booked as a package through my statewide professional association .
this was my first trip to puerto rico , but i had stayed at two ritz carlton properties elsewhere , so i looked forward to the experience .
the hotel did not disappoint me . public areasas you 'd expect from a ritz property , the building and grounds are grand and immaculately kept .
the lobby and adjacent bar are relatively quiet places , unlike bustling hotel lobbies or bars i 've seen in many other areas .
( in contrast , we went to the nearby el san juan hotel for dinner one night , and found a lobby and bar area that were far more vibrant in comparison . )
if you 're looking for a great deal of nighttime action , the ritz is not the place .
the exception is the casino , where i visited but did not gamble ; that area was bright , energetic , and a real sensory overload . the pool area is one of the better reasons to stay at the ritz ; it 's gorgeous and well - attended by very helpful hotel staff .
there is a hot tub that was out of service for the last three days of our stay .
the pool area is set amid mature palm trees ; especially at night , you will get the overwhelming urge to get out your camera and snap every angle you can .
towels are supplied at the pool and on the beach , so you do not have to bring one from your room . roomgiven the situs of the hotel , the issue of which room you get matters , a great deal .
the ritz is a couple hundred yards or so away from the airport , and the least expensive rooms face that direction .
i elected to upgrade our room to one facing the beach , and i did not regret paying the extra money .
our traveling companions stuck with the default room facing the airport , and while there is some soundproofing , you could hear the jets , especially on takeoff .
if you expect to spend very little time in your room , then the least expensive rooms should be fine ; if you prefer to lounge in your room over coffee or an evening cocktail , and you are not traveling on a tight budget , i recommend springing for one of the oceanfront rooms with a balcony , as we did . the bathroom in our room was very generous - - i joked with my wife that i 've stayed in hotel rooms that were smaller than the bath suite that included a bathtub , separate shower stall , a large sink area , and a separate door for the toilet area .
the ritz supplies you with bvlgari toiletries , a couple of bathrobes , and plenty of towels .
there are also some minor amenities , such as a sewing kit , and my wife was very grateful for the lighted magnifying mirror . the room includes the customary amenties , such as a minibar , coffee maker , and ethernet cable .
internet connectivity was available through this cable or by wireless router .
our package included a daily resort fee , which included the charge for the internet connection .
the only thing i could have wished for was a foam pillow instead of the feather pillows that were in the room .
but that 's a small quibble . restaurantsthere are three restaurants onsite : an italian restaurant is immediately adjacent to the busy casino , and we decided against dining in what looked to us to be an overly loud environment .
there 's also a steak place that we did not try .
we had one dinner and five breakfasts in the seafood restaurant , mares .
i found the food there to be very good but breathtakingly priced .
we arrived on friday , and on that night only , the restaurant features an all - you - can - eat seafood buffet .
that was very good , especially the preparation of something we rarely get here in virginia : conch .
but the $65 per person price tag ( not including drinks or gratuity ) was , well , . . .
ritzy . the breakfasts were part of our package , which is just as well ; the buffet , while very good , was priced at $26 per person .
to be fair , that includes a great deal of fresh fruit , fresh - cooked omelets , applewood - smoked bacon , a delicious pancake that looks more like a torte , smoked salmon , and much , much more .
i was able to try something different every morning i was there , and enjoyed the experience ; i 'm just not sure i would have been able to stomach plunking down sixty dollars every morning for breakfast for two . we ventured out of the hotel for dinner the other four nights , and while i 'll write separately about those restaurants , one in particular deserves mention here , because it 's right across the street : metropol .
the concierge at the ritz tried to dissuade me from going there , in favor of another nearby restaurant called plato 's .
the rest of my party talked me out of switching , and i 'm glad they did ; metropol was terrific , and very reasonably priced .
it served the best ceviche i 've ever had ( and i 've had quite a lot ) , and four of us dined for $140, including drinks .
that 's about the price that my wife and i alone paid , exclusive of drinks , the night before at mares . staffi could not find something bad to say about the staff if i tried .
everyone at the ritz , from the front desk to the bell captain to the waiters and waitresses to the pool attendants to the concierge , exhibited the kind of professionalism you would expect at a luxury hotel .
we had one problem with housekeeping , when our room had not been made up as of 5:00 pm on our second day there .
but a call to the front desk resolved that . summaryi was very pleased with this stay , and would cheerfully return to this hotel .
the one factor on which i ca not advise you fully is the location of your room .
the beachfront rooms are clearly preferable to those facing the airport , but your willingness to make that choice will depend on your price tolerance .
we found the extra expenditure to be well worth it , especially every morning as we looked out from our balcony to see the atlantic ocean beautifully framed through palm trees , just a hundred yards or so away .
great long weekend !
stayed here for 4 nights for a long weekend getaway in mid - september .
the stay exceeded my expectations . check - in was fast and efficient .
we were early , but they had another room that was ready so we could go right to our rooms .
lobby was typically ritz furnished , the 2 story central area with a view out on the pool and garden was very nice . our room (7th floor , oceanfront balcony room ) was very nice .
typical ritz room , very comfortable bed , enormous bathroom .
the only downside was a lack of comfortable places to sit .
one upholstered chair with ottoman and a desk chair , neither was super comfortable .
i spent more time sitting on the balcony however .
complimentary bottled water in the rooms both for drinking and for making coffee .
room was serviced twice a day as expected , room was very clean , no odors or anything .
complimentary high - speed internet ( wired ) in the rooms , wireless was available in the lobby . i must admit i was concerned by reports of the construction noise .
it did not start until 10 am on the weekdays , and there was none on weekends .
it was occasionally a tad loud lying by the pool but it was not bad and did not detract from the stay in any manner .
i never heard any noise in the room from construction . pool and beach service was excellent .
staff remembered our names , brought extra towels and such without prompting and offered to bring water , coffee , floats , etc .
there were cabanas available for rental but other than having better lounge chairs they didn?? seem worth money ( the lounge chairs by the pool were completely adequate ) .
being september , there was never any problem having our pick of locations around the pool ; if anything there are too many chairs .
probably not on a busy weekend in the winter . restaurants : we had breakfast in mares every day but one .
it was excellent , ample , and the service was outstanding .
on our first day my partner ordered a glass of milk with his breakfast .
on our last morning , the waitress who had waited on us that day ( who had not been working the days between and was not out server this day ) saw us and came to greet us and offered him milk .
the food was all very good , the guava pancakes were outstanding .
the cost , although high , was not unreasonable for the quality and variety .
champagne was even included . we had lunch at mares one day and it was also very good . lunch by the pool was fine , if uninspired . we dined in the hotel only one night , at blt steak .
it was mostly empty .
the food was exceptional .
there were some local twists to some of the items , such as the sauce for the wagyu skirt steak i had .
the only item that was not great was the parmesan gnocchi side dish that had way too much nutmeg grated on it . casino : i?? not much of a gambler when vacationing , but i did venture into the casino one night .
the casino was nice , large and clean .
if i wanted to spend any time gambling i would prefer the casino at the el san juan , solely because of the ambience . overall : i would not hesitate to recommend the ritz - carlton san juan to friends .
we had a great time .
i prefer the ritz to the el san juan , the only other san juan hotel i have stayed at .
and , the ease in flying to san juan from the us makes it an easy escape .
excellent hotel in san juan ritz carlton in san juan is a great place to stay .
very clean and conveniently located , friendly staff , excellent service with a smile , excellent spa , good entertaintment at night in the lobby bar .
we ate there almost every night .
we got a great massage the spa .
the food at ritz is good and made in the kitchen that is very clean .
so you know that you will not get sick during your stay .
it is not that expensive when you compare with the restaurants in the neighborhood and old san juan .
at least you know you will not get sick .
we are vegetarians and they accomodated our request without any problem .
the service on the beach is great .
one of the waiters jose gil , he went out of his way to take care of us while we ate .
all in all a great place to stay and relax while you are in san juan .
i will not stay at any other place .
i highly recommend it .
fast get away weekend excellent ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! san juan ritz has the best customer service i have seen anywhere . my husband and i and another couple spent a long weekend here and we were so impressed with the people , food , beach and pool we are going back next oct .
we had an early flight out of jfk and we were on the beach by 10:00 am .
we did not have to deal with waiting to go through customs .
the cab ride is 7 minutes from the airport .
the airport is near the hotel but we never heard much noise from it . beachwarm beautiful water and a nice beach ! !
the water is not crystal clear and blue but great ! ! foodwe stayed on club level and brendan , rey and the whole staff on that floor were excellent .
they tried their best to please you ! !
the food is very healthy and gourmet style ! ! ! ! !
the blt restaurant was ok metropole across the street was delicious .
i highly recommend you go there .
the prices are much cheaper then the hotel .
great experience first of all , the staff is very nice .
i arrived there quite early and my room was not ready .
the receptionist directed me to the spa where i was able to change and hang out at the pool until my room was done .
all receptionists on duty were very polite and the dulce tipicos on the counter are a nice detail . the room was very comfortable and although it did not have the ocean view , it was still very nice .
the beach area was very clean and it was a pleasure to run through it in the morning .
i would suggest to travelers to go to pinones , not to far from the hotel for good traditional puertorican food . the pool is fabulous and the hammocks on the beach are also a nice detail .
best hotel in puerto rico excellent service , nice lobby and a great casino .
i spend 3 days while hurricane omar , and the staff help me with information every other hour .
close to the airport and many local attractions .
i would recommend go to the supermarket next street because snacks in the rooms are kind of expensive .
loved the ritz !
our stay was just what we expected from the ritz . . . .first class service at a beautiful resort .
the staff here are some of the friendliest and hardest working people i have ever met .
they really understand service and go above and beyond to please their guest . the rooms were just ok - we were on the club level and felt that the room was a bit small .
bathroom was very nice and overall the room was well maintained but a bit older and nothing special .
we had a beach view which was really nice . the club level was really worth it for a family of 4 and the staff in the lounge was fantastic !
they were constantly offering the kids hot chocolate with whipped cream and always making sure that my husband and i had all that we needed .
they really made us feel at home and spoiled us as well . beach and pool were gorgeous .
casino was just so - so .
i like a little more action and felt that the place was not as liveley as the casino at the el san juan , which is a short walk away . we had dinner at both il mulino and blt steak .
i thought il mulino was just ok but blt steak was fabulous . anyway , we went to the ritz to relax and that is just what we did .
we hope to be back again soon !
nice stay the hotel is near the airport and standard is as high as you can expect from ritz carlon . i was surprised with their restaurant blt .
dinning experience was great ( the best we had in puerto rico ) and service was as good as friendly .
very nice atmosphere to feel confortable and enjoy the menu .
wine selection was excelent and on friday was 50% off ( very rare offer ) .in general the stay was a nice and relaxing experience .
perfect if you fly first class then you expect first class and the ritz lives up to all expectations .
the staff is warm and friendly - -the food , ambiance , decor , amenities - -perfect .
my wife and i have been to hawaii for 33 years and will go back next year but we chose to spend our 35th anniversary at this property and it did not let us down - -we will be back ! ! ! ! ! ! !
loved this hotel !
outstanding service !
just got back from a one week stay at this wonderful hotel - - - two adults and two children , 10 and 16.
we booked this trip last minute online , sight unseen .
we were thrilled by one of the prettiest hotels on the island with its own white sand beach , well - maintained grounds and a friendly , service - oriented staff team !
we were nervous about august weather - - - it was warm and lovely .
some clouds at some point each day , but overall typical tropical weather despite the foreboding online weather forecasts predicting rain everyday . . . did not materialize . we were nervous about this hotel being 5 minutes from the airport - - - not an issue at all .
never enters your mind once at the hotel .
never heard a plane in the hotel .
we could see some take - offs to the right when on the beach .
actually it was convenient for arrival and departure to be so close . we were nervous because there is some renovation at the hotel right now - - - again , a non - issue .
it is secluded and shrouded , presenting no interference whatsoever .
the staff of this hotel are outstanding !
they are warm and accommodating .
the concierge desk ( especially jessica ) went out of their way to help us plan excursions ( east wind snorkeling to icacos , night - time bio - bay kayaking , rainforest tour ) as well as dinners in old san juan ( do not miss baru ! ) .
it was like having a best friend on site to take care of you !
also compliments to the ritz - kids staff where my 10 year old spent some time ( better for her than the rainforest outing ) - - -she loved it ! it is very expensive on site , so be prepared .
we found a starbucks down the street at the el san juan hotel and brought it back - - - better than $20/head for breakfast buffet !
one dinner at blt steak is worth it , followed by a short walk down the street to piu bello for an amazing array of tropical ice creams and more ! do not miss this hotel !
~~ satisfied san francisco travelers 
great time my vacation was for a family ruenionas will walk in the employee were great help neisha ( front desk ) isaias ( seguridad ) daniel ( recreation ) wendy ( concierge ) my 10 yrs old duaghter had a great time she when to the pool to the last day . old son was out the time we were there everthing was so close he was at the clubs .
casino , drinks and food were great .
yes i would go a there again thanks for a great time sally hernandez nj 
we made the right choice ! ! ! my husband  i just came back last night from a 4 night stay to celebrate my birthday .
we were able to check into our room by noon , unpack our bags , and be on the beach by 2:00.
there were plenty of chairs  umbrellas at the pool and the beach ; the staff was very helpful .
the only glitch we had in our entire stay was the service at mares restaurant for brunch and i took care of that right away .
dinner at il molino was fabulous .
( black squid pasta with shrimp  scallops . )
blt was good too .
beach grill hamburger was juicy , cooked perfectly and generous in size .
food is expensive but we knew that .
our room was very clean and housekeeping came twice a day .
the casino was a nice little diversion each night along with a nightcap .
there were small children at the pool and beach but they were well behaved .
no horror stories to share .
jet noise was not a problem .
we would recommend this hotel due to the convenience to the airport .
we stopped in at the intercontinental and el san juan for dinner , drinks , and to check them out .
we think the ritz is tops over them .
in fact , we originally had a reservation to stay at the el san juan and after reading some of reviews about thin walls , music into the wee hours , and dirty bathrooms , we cancelled and rebooked at the ritz .
we are totally convinced we made the right decision .
fab time at the ritz !
my girlfriends and i decided in april we truly needed a fab girls only weekend away to rest , relax , unwind , drink plenty of tasty cocktails and decompress from the hustle and bustle of our busy lives .
and unwind we did !
this was my second time staying at the ritz carlton in san juan and the second time was even better than the first .
our agenda for the long weekend was beach , pool , cocktails , dinner and repeat it all over again the next day . we were able to check in a few hours prior to the check in time and upgraded to the pool view room on the 9th floor of the hotel , which was an awesome view .
the rooms were in top ritz - carlton fashion and we had no problems with the room the entire weekend .
the hotel staff were always accomodating and we had turn down service every evening , bottled water , chocolates , and relaxing music playing in our room upon our return each evening . we spent a considerable amount of time at the pool and beach (10am -7pm ) each day : ) so , we really got to know the pool and beach operations staff .
they all were absolutely great !
we had lunch by the pool each day and again , the service was in top ritz - carlton fashion . on the third day , i had an ipod disaster and acidentally dropped my ipod in the pool .
i was devestated because it would not reprogram or turn back on !
but , pablo santiago ( beach and pool operations ) saved the day and gave me his ipod !
it was such a wonderful and thoughtful gesture . also , on sunday morning , we had brunch at madres in the hotel and it was fabulous !
fresh fruit , made to order omlettes , puerto rican cuisines , and mimosos , just to name a few of the items on the menu .
note : madres has a daily full breakfast brunch buffet for $26.00/per person and on sunday it ends promptly at 11:00am .
the full service brunch is $70.00/per person which begins at 12:30pm .
we had the full breakfast for $26.00 and got there at 10:30am , so get there early ! we did not spend a lot of time in old san juan on this trip , but of course its highly recommended for those that will be traveling to san juan for the first time .
also , we did go to the el san juan hotel in the evenings for drinks and music , since the scene was a lot more lively . all in all , the ritz carlton san juan did not fail our expectations and i will only stay at the ritz when i visit san juan !
next time , i 'll definitely check out the spa .
fabulous service at the ritz !
the service at the san juan hotel was outstanding .
we stayed 4 days and 3 nights to celebrate a mile stone birthday for my mother .
over the course of the 4 days - the ritz employees remembered our names , wished my mom a happy birthday everyday and remembered everything that we were doing .
they truly made it a memorable event . i was not thoroughly impressed with the food choices in the restaurants located in the hotel .
run of the mill 4 star restaurants - nothing to scream home about .
the poolside bar restaurant had a terrible selection - and really nothing healthy or refreshing . the rooms were extremely clean and well maintainted , as you would expect from a distinctive brand such as the ritz .
though the hotel was less then i 'd normally expect of the ritz carlton brand - the staff made up for any possible dissapointment of the property food offerings . if
i visit san juan again , i would not hesitate to book the ritz and not look anywhere else ! i highly suggest using the consierge for all dining reservations and suggestions - request maria she was absolutely supurb ! other fabulous employees - jesus at the beach area , rafael in bell services , candy at the door . my suggestions for a restaurant location if you want a phenominal night of casual food and a warm vivacious atmosphere would be baru in old san juan - i cannot say enough about this place !
the best hotel in the area my husband and i stayed at the ritz for the first two days of our honeymoon before taking a cruise from p . r . from the moment we walked in the door we were impressed .
while checking in wewere served with a glass of champagne .
we had to wait a bit for our room since we checked in early .
we were given a complimentary lunch pass .
when we got to our room and were getting ready to go to the pool we had a knock on the door .
to our surprise we were sent a full bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries .
the next evening they had a chef at the restaurant cooking authentic prican food and had dancers in typical dress dancing la plena .
it was awesome and i have never had such great food besides my own grandmother 's cooking .
the staff went out of their way to make us feel very special and for this reason i would go back again and again .
i do not get people on here that complain about the prices . . . it 's the ritz ! ! what do you expect ?
there are so many restauarants on the island that if you want to have a meal that is more reasonable you can .
if you want a great place to celebrate a special occasion this is definitely the place to go .
i am from ny and have stayed at several of the other higher end hotels on isla verde and this was the best .
putting on the ritz my trip to the ritz carlton , san juan was amazing .
the ritz is a wonderful hotel that met all of our expectations for a quiet , luxurious long weekend .
the service and ambiance was superb .
i was taken aback when entering the hotel the bell man immediately knew our name .
the rooms were clean , welcoming and comforting .
we stayed on the club level and were impressed with the plethora of gorgeous food and beverage presentations .
i never knew what a great value the club level is , i will be sure to book club for all remaining ritz carlton stays . on our last night , i was fortunate enough to have a lucky hand at the casino .
i would strongly recommend this hotel to all .
great time at the ritz we went with our 3 kids to the ritz just last week and had a great time .
we were upgraded to ocean view , which was lovely .
and the staff at the ritz was amazing .
they were so accomodating at the pool and the beach and especially at all of the restaurants .
blt steak was terrific - they went out of their way to make sure that our kids were happy so my husband and i could enjoy our meal .
mares restaurant was also so good .
my son loved the kids ' club and the other guests were very nice as well .
it is defiintely a family - friendly resort , with lots of kids .
overall , the kids were very well - behaved , with a few exceptions .
our only negative experiences on the entire trip came when we ventured off property .
the contrast in our experience at mortons with blt steak was huge - mortons was a terrible experience and blt was wonderful and it was because of the service really .
same with a restaurant we tried in the el san juan .
we will definitely go back to pr and stay at the ritz .
would not stay anywhere else there .
dine at blt steak  my wife and i had the pleasure of dining at blt steak on valentine 's day .
the cuisine was great , but it was our server , joel , and his staff that made it one of the most pleasurable dining experiences ever !
so much so , that we returned on our final night .
wonderful honeymoon my husband and i stayed here for our honeymoon and had a fabulous experience .
we elected to stay in the standard room to save some money and we were pleasantly surprised at how spacious it was .
we had a wonderful view of pool/beach from our window , a beautiful marble bathroom , 42 flat screen tv , luxurious bedding , and it could not be cleaner ( i 'm a neat freak so this was really important ) .
we mentioned that it was our honeymoon so they upgraded our room from garden to ocean view and of course , there was a bottle of champagne waiting for us .
the pool area was beautiful and servers rounded frequently for drink/food orders .
the raspberry lemonade daiquiri was addicting .
they 'll set up the cushioned chaise lounge chairs on the beach if you prefer to be by the ocean .
breakfast and lunch are very expensive here so we walked down the street every morning for breakfast to a cute little cafe ( ca not remember the name but it had a coffee and gelato bar .
take a right when you leave the hotel main entrance , maybe a five minute walk .
has outside seating and booths inside ) and had lunch at various spots on the beach .
dinner was good at their restaurant , but again , overpriced .
go to old san juan for dinner .
very easy to get a cab outside hotel or the bus stop is 7 minute walk .
i believe the casino is slots only .
not a big gambler so we did not spend any time in there .
staff are very friendly and helpful , especially the concierge who made recommendations and reservations for us daily for dinner in old san juan , rental cars , and excursions . i would definitely stay here again .
wonderful stay at the ritz .
just got back from a wonderful stay .
the staff were very nice and accommodating .
we loved the beach and the pool .
we had a beautiful room overlooking the ocean .
we stayed on the club level and really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff .
we even watch the superbowl out by the beach at the ocean grill .
enjoyed dining at the restaurant il mulino and visiting the casino after dinner .
we will definitely be back .
repeat guest , will return again my first visit to this resort was july 2006, and just three days after my boyfriend and i returned to new york , we booked another trip for september !
we absolutely could not wait to get back !
we returned for another trip in may 2007, and yet again in august 2007, for no reason simply other than to escape nyc and relax at the beautiful beach at the hotel ( and to scratch our gambling itch at the hotel casino ) .
as soon as we wake up in the morning , we head to the beach , where we stay for most of the day , ordering cocktails and lunch to eat by the ocean .
in the evening we take a taxi to old san juan to try a local restaurant for dinner and look out over the fort before the sun goes down . aside from the beautiful location of the hotel on the beach and the relaxing atmosphere , one of the reasons we keep coming back is the generous and consistent hospitality offered by the staff .
they really do their best to make you feel welcome .
on our fourth visit , we arrived early in the day and not only was our room ready for us to check into at noon , but we were also upgraded to an oceanfront room .
my only complaint is that the continental breakfast at $18 is overpriced for what ends up being a bagel and a few slices of fruit .
lunch at the poolside bar is not cheap , but is of better value than the hotel breakfast .
when my two best girlfriends and i decided to get away for a bachelorette weekend before their weddings , i could not think of a more perfect place than the ritz in san juan .
i am looking forward to our trip ( and my fifth visit ) this spring !
awesome hotel this is one of the best hotels i have ever liven in .
we went there for our puerto rico leg of the honeymoon and the service the staff and the rooms were excellent .
the private beach is awesome with the bar right next to it .
i strongly recommend the steak at the restaurant along with their excellent collection of red wines .
a very relaxing time my husband and i just got back from the ritz carlton in san juan and we had a great time .
i alerted the hotel that we would be there on a second honeymoon and they were gracious enough to give us champagne when we arrived , a very nice , large room and a complimentary dessert from room service .
the staff were very friendly and nice , we especially enjoyed the waiters at il mulino they just kept bringing food and suggesting the best things to order .
the food was great in all the restaurants but we preferred il mulino above the rest .
our purpose for this trip was to relax and boy did we !
we laid out by the pool every day and even got some spa treatments .
we both had the body exfoliation which was soothing and done very well and my husband had a stone massage which he enjoyed throughly .
the hotel and grounds are very nice and well appointed .
the pool and beach attendants are always picking up towels from unoccupied lounge chairs so that you have a better chance of getting a chair when its busy .
we really enjoyed our stay and would return to this hotel again .
great vacation ! ! ! !
we recently cam back from a vacation at the ritz that was absolutely fabulous !
i cannot remember being so relaxed for a long time .
we stayed in a club floor room , which was well worth it !
the concierge staff on the club floor are excellent - -very friendly , accomodating and attentive - -they were truly amazing .
and the food that is offered in the club is wonderful , there was always a plentiful display of all sorts of great meals up there and the wine and drinks flowed freely all evening .
it was a great place to grab some peaceful time out of the sun or do work on the computer ( free wifi ) .
kudos to the ritz on a club lounge that is well staffed and well done . the weather while we were in puerto rico was perfect .
we lucked out as the day we left it was rainy . . . but we had 7 days of pure sunshine , usually no clouds in the sky and a wonderful ocean breeze on the beach .
the staff at the pool and beach were very helpful in setting up chairs and umbrellas wherever you wished when you asked .
the first day i just asked for towels and found my own seats but i quickly caught on that you need to ask to have them set up your chairs and then you get vip treatment .
the pool wasnt heated and could be quite cool in the am , but heated up by afternoon and was very refreshing .
the beach here is beautiful - -i had never been and was very impressed with the fine white sand and cleanliness and the beautiful waves .
one of the best assets of the entire hotel is blt steak - -this restaurant is superb !
we ate here 4 times in one week and had fabulous meals every time !
they have a great bar area - -the service was immpeccable and the food fantastic .
cannot recommend it enough . also , this hotel is within walking distance of other hotels that also have casinos and restaurants ( el san juan and intercontinental are 5 minute walk ) and some other little restaurants that are casual . . . so there are options to explore .
it is also an easy cabride into old san juan for dinner or sightseeing (20 minutes ) . . .dont miss the forts ! the fact that this hotel is so close to the airport is a plus as far as i am concerned .
you cannot hear the planes from inside the hotel at all and on the beach once in awhile you hear a plane but not often - -there is such a breeze and the waves are so high that it drowns it out .
but being able to get to the hotel in 5 minutes and a 13$ cab ride is great !
especially when you are trying to get to the airport the day of departure . . . you dont have to leave an hour before , you know . my only complaint is with the housekeeping service .
sometimes it was great and sometimes terrible , and i just expect more from a ritz carlton .
one day they just skipped our room altogether even though we had not been in the room all day - -we called and they still didnt come for a long time .
the turndown service was also very inconsistent in terms of time and what they would actually do .
we had to call another night because they skipped turndown and we needed towels and it still took them a half hour to get towels to us .
there is no button on the phone for housekeeping which struck me as strange - -you have to go through guest services so i dont know if the chain of communication is very good .
anyway , this is the only area i think they need to work on . so , if you want a peaceful , easy vacation that has an island feel but is easy to get to and you dont need a passport or foreign money . . . this is a great option ! ! cant wait to go back .
lovely resort - incredible staff we stayed at the ritz - carlton san juan for 2 nights last week .
we were celebrating our anniversary .
as we checked in , we were congratulated on our anniversary , given a glass of champagne and given an incredible upgrade to our room - i love the ritz ! !
we had booked a room on the concierge floor , which i would highly recommend .
the concierge level offers 5 daily food preparations , and drinks are always available .
the room was unbelievable ( as i mentioned we got an incredible upgrade ) and the service was truly top notch .
the beach was very nice , as was the pool , and i did not find it too crowded .
plus staff was always making sure you were happy .
we ate at il mulino for dinner one night , and found it ok - -the serving sizes are ridiculously large , which i found unappetizing and the garlic is overwhelming in every dish .
to me , what makes this property special is the beauty you would expect from the ritz , but mostly the staff .
you just do not find such attention to detail easily anymore .
we will definitely be back . by the way , get a room with an ocean view - -it is certainly worth the extra money , and you wo not have to deal with the airport noise .
one of the most relazing trips yet . . . .
i just came back from a long weekend getaway to the ritz and i have to say it was one of the most relaxing trips that i have ever been on . . .
the staff was more than accomodating and was willing and ready to wait on you hand and foot .
the restaurants in the hotel were both above average and bordered on perfection .
i am already looking into booking a repeat visit .
favorite vacation - ca not wait to go back in february ! ! my family and i stayed at the ritz last year over mother 's day weekend and had an amazing vacation .
i was pregnant at the time and we had our 3 yr .
old daughter with us , so needless to say things could have easily gone awry .
but , in fact we had an incredible time .
the staff went out of their way for us constantly .
in particular they were so accomadating and friendly to my daughter that it really enhanced our experience .
she still constantly talks about gabby , our breakfast waiter in the main restaurant .
which brings me to the subject of food . . . . . we loved all the restaurants .
i have been to il mulino in manhattan several times and i was very impressed by the one at the ritz .
we had the mother 's day tasting menu ; i do not think i 've ever eaten so much in my life .
the blt restaurant was also exceptional ( the braised shortribs in particular ) .
the rooms were lovely and housekeeping was very attentive .
the pool staff was eager to help and the beach was relaxing and very clean .
i do not know how people complain about this hotel .
we take vacations 2-3 times a year and have been all over the caribbean and this was by far our favorite vacation .
my daughter said she loved it even more than disney world and that certainly speaks volumes .
as a matter of fact we just booked a room for this coming february and we 're bringing our new baby with us b/c i know i can expect another fantastic vacation .
loved the san juan ritz !
i just stayed at the ritz for 5 nights for a worldwide sales conference and i loved it .
the staff was super friendly , the service was amazing and the accomodations were stellar .
i did end up with a room that had a great view of a roof but other than that everything was great .
i would stay there again in a hearbeat and recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to san juan .
ritz carlton puerto rico - the best place on earth !
the ritz carlton in puerto rico is the best vacation spot on earth ! my family vacationed at the ritz in december , 2007. . . . .this was out third year in a row at he ritz and it gets better each time .
we loved every minute of it .
there were couples , honeymooners , weddings , families , older people and kids .
everyone i spoke with were having the best time and thouroughly enjoying their vacations as well .
the service , weather , food , , beach , pool , rooms , casino , spa , tennis , etc were all superb !
i ca not think of any better place to spend a restful vacation . . . it is like heaven !
in particular , the front of the house manager , ramon ventura was most helpful at check - in and during our stay .
he is a class act as are the rest of the staff .
here are the 10 best reasons to vacation at the ritz carlton in puerto rico : 1) the hotel rooms are incredible , classy , spacious and spotless with marble bathrooms and up - to - date ammenities like flat screen tv 's .
i slept like a baby .
you need extra towels , soap , etc . . . they will deliver it in minutes .2)
the pool and the beach are spectacular as only a ritz carlton resort can deliver .
no fighting for comfortable , cushy lounges . . . there are plenty for everyone .
clean beach , soft sand and warm water .
just ask and they will set you up at the beach or pool with lounges , umbrellas , towels ( all included ) .3)
beautiful spa and tennis courts on the premises . . . .everything is right there .
you do not have to walk far for anything , it is so conveniant .
the tennis pro is exceptionally nice and a great teacher .
if you want to golf , speak with the concierge . . . they will take care of all your needs .
the concierge is extrememly friendly and helpful .
4) great lunch !
either eat at your lounge at the pool or beach ( waiters will take your order and serve you ) or eat at the beachside restaurant .
there is an extensive breakfast buffet ( or a la carte ) every morning at mares restaurant . . . eat inside or outside .
the only negative , , , a couple of times the service was a little slow at breakfast if we ordered a la carte items .
name it and they have it for breakfast .
did i mention free coffee in the lobby every morning , , , ,i 'm not sure but it tasted like starbuck 's .5) two new great restaurants at the ritz direct from new york city - blt steak and il mullino ( italian ) .
i have eaten at the originals in new york and they are just as good .
i ca not believe two great restaurants like these are at one hotel .
the food in puerto rico is better than any of the other island by far .
6) spend a day or night in old san juan . . . about 20 minutes away .
there is great history , shops and food .
check out baru , the parrot club , dragonfly , marmalade and aquaviva .
we have eaten at all of these in the last three years and all are excellent choices .7) casino -
open 24/7 at the ritz .
clean , free drinks , flatscreen tv 's to watch sports and frindly dealers .
not too big and not too noisy . . . . . . . just right .8) service
with a smile .
everyone was exremely friendly and helpful including the waiters , concierge , housekeeping service people , etc .
you only need to ask and they will help you in any way possible .9)
convinient - the ritz is only 5 mintues from the airport .
we were on the beach by noon .10) great
we had sun everyday for three years in a row .
it rained a little in the morning one day but was otherwise perfect .
i have been told that when it does rain , it usually blows over quickly .
i was reluctant to write this review because i did not want everyone to know just how great the ritz carlton in puerto rico is . . . . . i want to make sure there is room enough for me when i return next time .
everything you could possibly want is right at the ritz .
weather it is for a long weekend , week , conference , family vacation , honeymoon , etc . . . . . . . . . .trust me , you will find no better place to spend it than at the ritz carlton in puerto rico .
