nice but too expensive for what you get efficient and friendly service , convenient location .
clean hotel in good state of decor .
room fairly small , no bath ( just a shower ) .
ancient tv took up too much of what little space there was .
wine  cheese is a nice touch , but very basic breakfast ( fruit , cereal , pastries ) .
interesting moroccan theme - some would say tacky but i thought it was quite fun . bill ( including tax ) came to almost $1000 for 2 nights .
it may be naive of me given the location and the time of year ( holiday season ) , but for this price i was expecting something amazing , and what we got was just a nice little quirky hotel .
for that reason i would not return .
casacrappa my husband and i spent the day touring prospective hotels for an upcoming trip to the big apple and wanted to make sure we would be happy with our choice .
i 'm glad we did !
we wanted to make sure we would be close to the theater but away from all the hustle and bustle .
this hotel fit that criteria , however , the hotel is in serious need of updating !
the staff was friendly and accommodating , but the hotel , from the entrance to the tiny elevator and the dated hallways and rooms were anything but upscale from what we were expecting .
we looked at several hotels in the area and all met or exceeded our expectations .
i would not recommend this hotel .
there are many other better choices in the city .
smelly , surly , clean , do not understand the hype i spend 6-8 weeks a year in new york city , mostly for business but sometimes for pleasure , and have tried numerous hotels rated on trip advisor , usually with excellent results .
i will not come back to hotel casablanca . although the hotel has some nice amenities ( that they are proud of ) such as wine and cheese from 5-8 pm , that did not make up for the lack of security , and the horrible , horrible sausage smell in our room .
yes , sausage .
i was also sorely disappointed with the level of professionalism and service from the front desk staff . security first , as that is a more specific and tangible concern .
there is usually just one person behind the front desk , and when we walked in at 11:00 pm on sunday evening ( no doorman , except once during the three days and two nights we were there ) he did not even look up from whatever he was doing and only greeted us when we were already up the stairs .
this is in times square - literally , in the square .
it is so crowded and it just felt like anyone could walk right in .
the room we stayed in had only one deadbolt and no chain - and although it 's a nice place , i found that strange .
there are two doors to enter the hotel , and no one opened them for us , ever . when we checked in , the clerk offered to upgrade us from a full size room to a queen , noting that we had requested fragrance and feather - free .
although he offered to upgrade , and we accepted , there was no upgrade : the room was actually a full size bed .
and alas , while clean and spacious for a nyc hotel room ( and i have stayed in many ) reeked of sausage when we first opened the door .
each time we returned to the room , we were assaulted with the smells .
i attribute the odor to the window unit air conditioner and the proximity of restaurants .
when i first went down to ask to change the room , the clerk did not apologize , said there was no room to change us to , and handed me a can of air freshener .
i told him that we were trying to avoid chemicals , and that using air freshener would just make the room smell like chemicals and sausage .
even carnivores would be nauseated by clothing , hair , and bedding saturated with pork smells . the next day i told them again how unpleasant it was , and they told me that the manager was not there , but he would be .
finally , john the manager came in at 9 am , and suddently , magically , there was a room available .
he at first offered to reduce the room rate , but when he moved us into a suite , withdrew that offer .
the suite did not smell like sausage , but by the time we were in it , we were so grossed out , it was not worth it .
we regretted ever coming to the casablanca .
when we discovered the dvd remote did not work , and that it was ancient and apparently not exchangable , the front desk guy came up and tried to help , but told us that he would have to replace the dvd player .
as it was 11 pm , we told him that it would have to be tomorrow . a last note on the staff : they were proud of their designation on this site as one of the best in the city .
however , they were not happy , and did not hesitate to express their feelings .
one guy behind the desk ( mentioning no names as not to get him into trouble ) seemed clinically depressed and shared his feelings of malaise about new york with us . overall , i am disattisfied with the level of customer service ( casual to the extreme ) and the lack of concern the staff had .
once we complained twice more about the sausage , we were told that everyone on our side of the building was having trouble with the smell .
no one has ever complained about this before ?
i asked .
this is the first time ! this hotel is immaculately clean - the wine and cheese time generous - but it 's not worth it . (after
writing this , i cancelled another reservation i had on the website .
luckily , i kept the cancellation information .
last month , as i was happily ensconced in the west 11th townhouse ( great place ! )
i got a call from the hotel asking me why i had not arrived for my nine day reservation .
it took a bit of back and forth - i forwarded my cancellation email to them - but finally they saw that i had cancelled .
they did not charge my card in advance , thankfully . )
ups and downs of the casablanca we booked the casablanca after reading reviews on trip advisor .
we arrived just after lunch so we did not expect our room to be ready and we checked in and left our bags to take a tour and arrived back after 9pm .
we had booked a deluxe king room and had requested a room at the back of the hotel , when we were shown to our room it was a very small double , room 508, more in keeping with a single room , at the quiet rear end of the hotel .
we contacted reception to be told there were no other rooms available in the hotel but they agreed it was not a king room but the hotel was full .
the next day we had another full daytrip booked and found we had been moved to another room , this time a kingsize but at the front of the hotel and we were given a bottle of champagne .
they also made a deduction to the cost of our nightly rate .
the second room was a bit larger with a king bed but unfortunately at the front of the building which is very noisy , we decided not to ask to be moved again and bought some earplugs which did help .
the staff in the hotel are very good , polite and helpful and will do whatever they can to make your stay a good one , but our stay was not ideal .
as we were checking out we were met by the manager who apologised for the problems and we were given a complimentary stay if we would like to return in the future , this was a nice gesture , but we had asked to see the manager from the day we arrived and i feel his apology was a little late in the day .
we had booked this hotel a long time ago , directly on their website and expected better than this from a hotel with such good reviews .
too noisy just got back from the casablanca and i was not impressed at all .
the location is just 20 yards from time square ( the oxford street of new york ) .
fine it you want to be in the thick of things but can be ( is ) very busy . the staff are welcoming , helpful and efficient .
the room we had though was not up to scratch .
it was one of the larger rooms with 2 x double beds , but it was located at the back of the hotel .
therefore it was situated by the very noisy air conditioning fans from the other buildings around and about .
it also suffered from no natural light at all .
i would suspect that most of the rooms to the rear of the hotel also suffered the same problems .
the only way we could get to sleep was to shut off our own air conditioning and close all the windows .
\we had to rely on the ceiling fan to provide any cooling at all .
noone mentioned the construction work . . . . ! after reading the glowing reviews on this website - i booked , in march , for a four night stay in the casablanca over a weekend in early june .
booking was made through expedia and a quiet room with king size bed was requested .
on arrival we were shown to a nice room on the sixth floor with a large bathroom .
all seemed fine .
however , on the first night ( a thursday ) - despite being sound asleep , we were woken at around 2am by very noisy construction work and the incessant noise of beepers from lorries reversing .
it was so loud that we were not able to get back to sleep .
i phoned the front desk to find out if this work/noise would continue over the weekend and were told that they did not know .
feeling slightly tired the following day - we carried on and fell into a deep sleep on the friday night around 10.30pm .
at 1am we were once again woken by the same building noise at the same volume as the previous night .
completely exhausted and frustrated , i went down to the front desk to ask if we could be moved .
the hotel was full and there was nowhere we could go .
we were given earplugs .
the following morning we were really fed up and were planning on moving to another hotel .
we were advised by the doorman to ask at the front desk and were told this time that several guests were leaving on the saturday and we could be moved to another room later that day .
the room that we were moved to was round the back of the hotel and was completely quiet .
we slept brilliantly the next 2 nights .
had we got this room for the full 4 nights i too would have had nothing but good things to say about this hotel but the first 2 nights of construction noise really spoiled our stay .
despite having slept well on the saturday night , the two sleepless nights caught up with us on the sunday - and although we had planned to see a matinee show , we were utterly knackered and had to come back to the hotel for a snooze which was such a waste of an afternoon in new york .
i agree that location is good ; staff very nice ; and ricks bar is good ( especially when you are awake at 2am and want a hot drink ! ) but i would urge anyone going over the next few weeks to enquire about the construction work that is taking place across the road from the hotel .
no problems if you are a very sound sleeper but otherwise it is likely to wake you up if you are in a room facing the road .
disappointment my mother , daughter and i stayed at the casablanca every year for several years and were delighted with the accomodations and the service , which was always above and beyond .
i tried to book the casablanca this year as well for several days in august .
i left a telephone message that was never returned .
when i made a subsequent call for rates the response was rather curt , not at all like the prior experiences i had with hotel staff .
finally i discovered the reason for the change : manager joe reyes had left the casablanca , along with two other wonderful staffers , aaron and scott .
with a little detective work i tracked joe down .
he is now managing the shoreham hotel on west 55th between 5th and 6th aves .
we made our reservation at the shoreham instead .
getting joe reyes is certainly a coup for the company that owns the shoreham - - joe 's unparalleled attention to detail and his wonderful way with hotel guests is what made the casablanca such a wonderful place to stay in nyc .
how unfortunate the company that owns the casablanca let him get away !
too much money for too little comfort my husband and i stayed here from may 25th to may 31st 2005.
it is a lovely hotel in a perfect location with gracious staff , but our room was intolerably warm , even though the outside temp .
was only in the 70s .
having the a/c on high 24/7 did not help .
opening the only window and turning off the a/c did not help either .
even the hallways , elevators and rick 's cafe ( where breakfast and afternoon wines and cheeses are served ) were overheated .
the linens did not fit the mattress and the bathroom sink faucet produced only a thin spray of water ( hot , cold , or warm ) .
in the end we decided to put up with all of this because of the location and the inconvenience of moving , but we wo not be staying there again .
the casablanca is far too pricey for what it offers .
hygiene problem the hotel is conveniently located in downtown sf and it would be a good value if not one problem .
on the arrival i found that bed sheets in my room were quite worn out and had black spots on them .
i asked to replace them and it was done .
there were no spots anymore but several thick black hairs on my pillow and sheets .
disgusting ! ! !
the hotel changes sheets daily and a few times the sheets were good and other times they were worn out and/or had hair on them .
no problems with towels .
paying for location i stopped over at the chancellor hotel for 5 days in november with my boyfriend and overall sadly we were left disappointed by our stay . my main criticism of this hotel relates to the poor quality of the rooms .
the decor and standard of my room ( and others that i saw when the maid was in ! ) were shabby and in need of repair , rather than charming or full of character .
i may sound it , but am definitely not an overly fussy guest ( ! ) having generally enjoyed my stays at different types of small/large/cheap/expensive hotels and accommodation , all over the world . reading some of the other reviews , to ensure that you enjoy your stay , i recommend emailing wes the general manager beforehand so that he will juggle things in your favour . if you are not overly concerned by the standard of the rooms and location is everything to you , then this hotel is definitely for you .
i think this hotel relies too heavily on its location in san fran ( and friendly lady selling refreshments in the lobby ! ) and should really consider investing in a significant makeover to the benefit of all its guests . .
reminds me of a sultry dorm room i only stayed here for one night as a vacation day before a business trip .
since my company was not paying for the hotel on my day off , i choose to use a discount hotel website that does not tell you the name of the hotel before booking .
basically , it is a place to sleep that is indoors .
i 'm 6'5 and the bed is 5'10.
the tv is the exact version my 87 year old grandpa has , except smaller .
on a bright note , they had free cookies at the front desk - on a sad note , they were not good .
the bathroom is clean , which is always a good thing .
the room itself is very small - it reminds me of my dorm room from college , except with uglier carpet .
disappointed stayed for 2 days at the end of 2 weeks in california .
room was small , not very clean and noisy from adjacent building 's air conditioning and nearby rooms .
were able to move to a slightly better room for our second night but would not return .
conveniently located i have stayed at the chancellor hotel , twice .
conveniently located , with cookies  coffee served all day in the lobby .
bedroom great , though the long bath too large for me .
shampoo was excellent .
toilet seat too close to the door , leaving no comfortable space .
staff were friendly except for one in the restaurant who was discriminative towards me ( i am asian ) perhaps she thought i could not afford to pay her a big tip .
when i asked for her recommendation of food at the hotel 's restaurant , she replied to say i do not know , you are going to eat , not me ! ! ! and a few minutes later , she was so nicely explaining about the food to a caucasian couple who probably earned less money than i do .
do not believe the hype my wife and i were staying at another hotel while on business and decided to stay the weekend at the chancellor ( we booked it before we left ) .
unfortunately the hotel did not live up to the reviews .
the room was small ( not unexpected based upon other reviews ) , the room was very old and in need of a major renovation ( a little surprising ) , the elevator was still broken ( wow - i had assumed that would be fixed . . . how long do these things take to repair ? and how many months ago was that first posting about the elevator being broken ? ) .
staff - were marginal .
they were not so friendly / helpful but not bad either .
overall , the hotel did not live up to the other reviews .
going back and looking at them now makes me think that they almost look too good to be true .
the hotel is not a diamond in the rough , it is a budget hotel .
not terrible , but not good either .
not what we expected from a ritz - carlton we stayed in the ritz - carlton for 5 nights during a recent vacation ; the service was excellent ( if somewhat spotty ) , but the overall experience was less than what we expected from a ritz .
we are frequent travelers and during the past 5 years we have taken 10 extended vacations and never had occasion to complain about anything ; we 're not easily ruffled , and it takes a lot to make me call guest services - -something we had to do several times during our stay .
here are the things we had to complain about : 1) when we took a blanket out of the closet to put it on the bed , it was wadded in a ball and had a huge piece of dried cheese stuck right on top .
housekeeping brought a new blanket immediately and it was warm and fresh .2) we had a standard room which could be used as an adjoining room .
on the third day , someone checked in to the adjoining room and we could hear everything they said , even though they were speaking in normal voices .
i could hear the man whistling little drummer boy - that 's not right .
we were woken up at 1:30 am when the couple returned from a night out ; they received 4 phone calls within 20 minutes and we heard every word of every call .
that should not happen at a ritz .
to the credit of the ritz staff , we called guest services at 2:00 am and asked for a non - adjoining room , which they quickly located for us and we were moved within 15 minutes .
excellent service .3)
the next day we had to call guest services again and ask for a new iron , since the one in the new room was coming apart and did not work .
i did not want to have to call again ( i felt we had already earned a reputation as hard to please , unfairly ) , but we could not show up for dinner in wrinkled clothes . . . they brought a new iron within 5 minutes .
we had an excellent time despite the small problems , but we concluded that the hotel quality was more in line with a 3- star hotel .
we 've stayed in hiltons and sheratons that were much nicer than the ritz , and for much less .
good for business travel ; worthless as a resort for a business traveler , this hotel has some things to offer , namely : nice beds and bathrooms , proximity to the airport , decent in - house restaurants , an air of quasi - luxury , and a passable bar/lounge .
with that in mind , memo to hotel execs : two things any business hotel absolutely must have are (1) easy access to starbucks - - fail - - and (2) wireless internet in every room - - fail .
these are not hard to accomplish , and something pretty much every hampton inn has managed by now .
so even as a business hotel , it misses the mark . as a resort , i would love to have been in on the meeting which informed the planning and decisions behind this property .
it 's as though they decided to have a resort and left all the planning to someone who had never been on vacation .
first - - why on earth would you situate a resort on the most inhospitably windy point on the entire island .
the wind is insufferable , strong , constant , and nagging .
it blows the dirt - like sand everywhere , and every chaise is coated to the point where they do not appear blue , but brown .
you ca not hear the person next to you , it 's so loud .
i 'm surprised more reviews do not mention this .
it is very , very inhospitable , the windiness ( the staff told me the wind was typical ) .
another point about location - - remote from everything .
$50 bucks round trip to old san juan . if you are going to have a windy beach and pool area , for god 's sake , heat the pool .
i 'm here on a weekend that is jam - packed , and have seen 9-10 people use the frigid pool the entire time .
it is freezing , and when you get out , the wind is chilling .
it does not help that the pool is beneath a forest of palm trees that effectively blocks the sun almost entirely .
the hot tub has the usual resort problems .
it 's not hot .
it 's filled with infants and screaming children .
why bother , really ? the gym has a lot of decent equipment packed into a regular - sized hotel room .
it 's unacceptable and pathetic .
if they moved the same exact equipment into a space three times the size , it would be decent and even good .
they should do away with the yoga studio ( and i do yoga every day , so i 'm not putting yoga down ) , and expand the gym facility or just do away with it altogether .
it 's almost dangerous how packed it is .
again , it appears to have been planned by someone who does not use gyms .
nice idea , bad execution . on the upside - - great staff , good concierge , great in - house restaurants , picturesque .
rooms are nice , though the standard room has a fairly small window and it gets a little dark .
the showerhead sucks but decent water pressure .
tips - - the el san juan hotel down the road has 2 starbucks and a very good restaurant called coco that was pretty empty .
the hamachi appetizer is good , crab balls were good , drinks were amazing .
the little gelato store 2 buildings down has cheap , decent lunch and great gelato .
walgreens next to that for snacks , cokes , and lotion .
dont bother with ritz poolside food and drinks .
lame on all accounts .
blt steak and il mulino both fine . in sum , the very , very low end of the ritz brand .
not a good location for laid back sun , and poorly planned/designed .
go somewhere else for fun .
not a ritz experience we really expected a ritz experience and it was closer to a holiday inn experience ( no offense to holiday inn ) .
we were given a room next to the air - conditioning unit which was pretty loud at night .
the room was very small and nothing special .
the pool bar - argh ! - we waited and waited for a waiter to show up for at least 20 minutes .
than another 20 minutes for the drinks to be served .
when he finally arrived , we already made a decision to leave .
he chased us along the pool creating a scene and then ostentatiously put the drinks on the ground and left .
we were astounded . . . and entertained by this peculiar behavior .
the checkout was a nightmare .
it took 45 minutes !
we needed to catch a plane but could not leave without an itemized bill . we loved old town and the people there but the staff at the ritz was unimpressive .
most un - ritz ritz hotel this hotel truly is not a ritz , should change their name to something else as it gives the ritz a bad name .
i would not recommend to anyone looking forward to staying at a ritz . we first had multiple calls and emails with the hotel about our basic needs , early arrival ( they asked for the time ) , connecting rooms , and late checkout by one hour .
on the phone everything was fine , very pleaseant , and waiting for us .
we had 2 rooms for a week . but when we got there at 2pm , problem with the rooms , will not be ready for 45 mins .
after an hour they finally told us they did not know when the rooms will be ready .
we figured we can hang out there until 4, by 4:30 our rooms where ready and we went up .
no appology , no we are sorry , their attitude at the front desk is more holidayinn express than ritz . room was missing a few things , like garbage can , room service menu , but where resolved by tracking down the service crew . one night (3 am ) we lost power in the room , we woke up very hot as the a/c was out , that is when we realize we had no power .
however the hallway was fully lit , and the outside of the hotel had full power .
a call to the front desk told us nothing , some rooms where out of power and they would work on it .
power came back by 7 or so , we got no sleep that night .
no appologies , no comments , this is not a ritz .
other things to consider :1.
beach closes at 5:30, no chairs or umbrellas from then until the next day2.
the a/c in the rooms , when it worked , was either subzero or tropical heat , no matter what temperature you set it at .3.
poolside restaurant has over 12 employees , good luck getting them to pay attention to you the only customer sitting there as they will be busy socializing with each other4.
we had a very undercooked burger at the restaurant , we had to send it back and they charged us for 2 of them , since they had to cook it twice ( amazing ! ! )5.
the pool area and beach and fully open to all locals , no restrictions .
so do not plan to use the pool or beach on a weekend , it will be like a free community pool/beach .
use those days to travel elsewhere .
the good news is my sister and her whole family could just walk in and meet us , have full use of the hotel , the bad news is so could every other local resident .6.
the valet parking is the only ritz level of service area of the hotel .
the rest is okay for hotel service , but far from ritzin closing , lower your expectations and you will be happy if you stay here .
definitely not a ritz !
my husband and i stayed at the ritz for 5 nights .
like previous reviews , all we were looking for was sun and relaxation .
i have stayed at other ritz and four season properties for business and have always been more than satisfied .
unfortunately i ca not say the same for the ritz carlton san juan .
when we got to the hotel , we waited for about 15 minutes to get to the front desk to check in .
everyone in front of us had some sort of problem but we were trying not to let that get to us .
we were told our room was ready so we were very happy to be almost on the beach .
apparently something went wrong when she was checking us in , since when we opened the door , it was already occupied .
how embarrassing would that have been if someone was indisposed !
so we walked back downstairs with our luggage to try to straighten it out .
it did not take long and we were back upstairs to our ??noccupied? ? room .
first thing i noticed was a nasty musty smell when we walked in .
we were tired , hungry and anxious to get to the beach so we did not say anything .
we got changed into our bathing suits and headed to the restaurant at the pool .
well 2 drinks , a sandwich and salad later . . . . $67!
we 're from ny so we 're use to over paying for practically everything but we thought that was alittle ridiculous .
basically that was the theme for the rest of our stay at the ritz . 2 frozen drinks - $30. breakfast buffet - $52.
we do not mind paying alittle more if it 's worth it but the service was not great , the food mediocre and the accommodations below par .
the only positive thing . . . no bed bugs !
not great but ok i was very sad having gone to many ritz carltons and too be so let down by the general experience here in puerto rico .
the hotel is ok but pool area not clean and beach at times filthy .
my room was nice and the lobby beautiful .
the staff was friendly but not very well trained .
it seems that politeness is all they seem to know .
i waited for several requests over an hour and at he prices there charging it was not acceptable .
the worst thing was that i was bitten by mosquitos or sand fleas .
my companion said bed bugs are everywhere in puerto rico but i dont think this was the case .
i asked for some off or a spray for the next day at the beach .
i was met with blank stairs and directed to go to walgreens up the road .
this woud never happen at other ritz carltons .
my next trip to puerto rico i will try the new la concha or the el san jaun .
i went to there new restauraunt koko and the hotel lobby was very beautiful .
next trip i will bring my own off .
problems at the ritz just returned from the ritz and we were very disappointed .
we stayed at the ritz in st thomas in december and were very happy with our experience .
when our friends suggested a short vacation in san juan i convinced everyone to stay at the ritz .
each couple booked an ocean view king club room .
we each made a large deposit and had our confirmations .
upon arriving each of us was informed that there were no ocean club rooms available .
everyone had an awful experience but i will tell you just about mine .
instead of spending our first afternoon on the beach we had to argue with the front desk about getting an accomodation .
my husband and i are both attorneys and we were hoping that this would be a relaxing vacation with no arguments !
the front desk finally offered us a junior suite facing the airport with club privileges .
their junior suite is actually just a slightly larger room with a bigger bathroom than their regular rooms .
it books for a lesser rate than the ocean view club rooms .
we decided to accept the room and try to relax for the rest of our trip .
the next night at 11:00pm the front desk tracked us down in the club room lounge to tell us that we had to move from our 9th floor room to the 4th floor in a dingy room overlooking a roof and above a noisy party room .
the reason they gave us was that our 9th floor room was a connecting room and they needed it for a family arriving the next day .
needless to say we were very upset and returned to our room to discuss our options - -such as moving to the el san juan .
that 's when we realized that our room was not a connecting room !
the front desk had deliberately lied to us .
when we confronted them about their lie - -they backed down and told us to keep the room .
when we finally checked out at the end of our very stressful stay we discovered that the ritz had billed us the higher rate of the ocean view club room which we never got !
in fairness i have to say that they have promised to change our bill and to make an accomodation for our troubles , however , we are still waiting to see that happen .
the unacceptable booking problems at this ritz are a terrible shame .
we were not the only group that had problems with their room bookings ; it seemed that the ritz had grossly overbooked their higher level rooms .
the club lounge and club staff are wonderful and the pool and beach are lovely .
however , the stress one has to endure due to the total incompetance of the front desk was not worth the trouble of our staying there .
jackhammer construction occurring do you like jackhammers from 9am until 5pm ?
they are adding baconies near the pool , cutting through concete and steel .
this will occur for the next month .
otherwise , pretty nice .
the ritz - carlton has lost it the place was over - crowded , pool - side was jam packed with lawnchairs , the pool was filled with floating mats and buoys , could hardly move around the garden .
it was absurd .
the beach ran out of umbrellas , had only one guy taking drinks orders .
it seemed the place was taken over by some major stockbrokers ' convention , or a fratboys ' reunion .
it was terrible .
we left after one night .
the hotel feels tired and abused .
the lobby made a nice enough impression , but then the hallways to the rooms are dank and dingy , and on top of that , being so crowded , made it the worst ritz - carlton we had ever stayed at . to be fair , we also left early because hurricane dean was heading near puerto rico , but really , it was the hotel that made me want to get out of dogde . . .
find another hotel underwhelming .
pool area was a mess - dirty towels and empty cups were left out all day .
rooms were generic .
proximity to the airport gave the sense that we were at a motor lodge .
seemed like a fake ritz .
we called it the rits .
puerto rico is a beautiful island .
pick another hotel - do not stay at the ritz cracker .
rit 's ' i 've stayed at marriotts and holiday inns that were more impressive .
dirty towels and empty cups ltitered the pool area - left out all day .
the rooms were generic .
did not seem like a real ritz . . .
the entire trip we dubbed the place the r - i - t - s . . . a fake . puerto rico is a beautiful island - try out the hyatt el dorado .
much better than the ritz cracker .
not 5 star ritz we stayed at the ritz for 8 nights over memorial day weekend .
we were not impressed by the service at the ritz .
it took over 2 hours for the bell hop to bring our luggage after we had checked in , the hotel has hardly no rooms with balcony 's or you have to upgrade .
the service by the pool was awful , you had to practically flag someone down to get you anything .
the hotel also was not very good about policing who was using the pool facilities .
it was quite obvious that a lot of people at the pool were not guest of the hotel .
on a positive note the concergie was helpful and the spa was pretty good .
overall i expected a lot more out the ritz and probably wo not be staying again .
constant air plane noise eventually you will get used to it i just returned from a 3 day 2 night stay with my friend as a mothers day present .
our husbands bought us this trip to get away and relax , which we did .
i would recommend this hotel for a quick stay only .
it is beautiful , has wonderful service , but the noise from the airport is frighteningly close .
you hear the planes landing and taking off and i swear you can almost feel the place vibrate .
you do not hear the noise in the rooms .
thank goodness .
after a while you do tend to not notice the planes as much , but , it i was a little annoyed that in the reviews i read before my trip , no one mentioned this little issue .
so , fyi if yo are really looking for peace and quite .
do not choose this location .
way to close to airport .
the ritz carlton - - - over rated my girlfriend and i went to the ritz for six nights over the new years holiday .
ive stayed in ritz - carltons many times . . . mostly on business trips to atlanta and many many times in new orleans , where i travel for work all the time .
the best : the pool is beautiful .
the gym and the spa are also very nice .
the beachside restaurant was delicious , and the bar was very nice as well .
as far as amenities , this hotel is typical rc .
everything is beuatiful and very organized , the service is , in my opinion , just as it should be for 6+ bills/night for a room near the airport with a view of the ugly hotel next door . the worst : the main problem with this hotel is the constant nickel and diming and the crime situation in puerto rico .
i felt like every time i turned around , there was another bill to sign .
on our third night we took a cab to old san juan to check out some of the clubs , listen to some music , and feel some of the local flavor that everyone raves so much about .
very very shady .
i live in freaking jackson , ms and work in new orleans , the street violence capital of the us .
i even felt uneasy .
on our cab ride back to the ritz .
the taxi we rode in had a bullet hole in the front windshield ( no joke ) it was nuts . the new year 's party at the ritz was pathetic .
not fun at all .
after paying the price for entrance to the party , we had one glass of champagne and bolted to the hilton , which had a waaaaaaay better party , including people actually smiling , plenty of free drinks , and music that did not sound like a broken harry bellafonte record . the absolute worst : on our second to last day , my girlfriends diamond stud earrings and two bottles of cologne were stolen from our room .
the earrings and one of the bottles of cologne were gifts that we had exchanged on our arrival .
we filed a police report and a report with the hotel security .
the earrings , which were $4000, were supposed to be replaced by the rc 's insurance company ( i had receipts ) .
it 's been months , and i have not even been able to talk to anyone about this .
they just blow me off and say that it is still under investigation .
the bottom line : pr is a hell hole of crime .
for the same price as the rc in san juan you can go to caneel bay or nevis .
im so pissed off by this earring/eau de toilet heist that i now stay at le pavillon when i go to new orleans , even though i always had great experiences at the rc .
not a typical ritz experience i was disappointed in our experience at the san juan ritz .
to begin with , we were not so much as greeted by anyone but the bellman as we walked into the hotel ( and there were two staff members at the bell stand as well as the front desk clerks and the concierge ) .
also , i was looking forward to the welcome drink that some other reviewers received , but that was never offered .
not a big deal , but would have been a nice touch .
it just made me resign myself to expect inconsistent service .
i was right . our pool/oceanview room was nice , but small .
we were there less than 18 hours total , so not much to say on that . the poolside cafe was good , but a bit overpriced for what you got .
however , we enjoyed dining beachside . the pool was chaos .
we did not make it there until about 2:30 pm and by that point , people had already long - ago staked their claim , which is fine , but the chairs that were available were unorganized and scattered .
also , there was plenty of empty cups and no one bothered to clean up .
the one thing that stuck with me is that my towel remained on the chair i occupied after i left at approximately 5pm and was there when we checked out of the hotel at 5:30 am the next day .
no one had even bothered to straighten up that area of the pool at all . all in all , not worth the $400+ we paid .
my expectation was a relaxed , pampered , luxurious experience .
it was just not in the cards .
big disappointment we wanted this to be a special celebration because it was our 25th anniversary .
we came in on a red - eye on july 2nd , and were not give the room that we paid for in our package .
we were first given a room with two twins although we requested a king .
secondly , we were moved to a non - ocean view room (231) although we paid for it in the package we obtained through liberty travel in mamaroneck , new york .
then on the 3rd we were switched to room 603, which had a poorly functioning air conditioner and were told by maintenance that it was an old air conditioner and nothing could be done about it .
we expected better service from a resort with the rc 's reputation .
too crowded i am a repeat customer of the ritz and this is the worst ritz i 've ever been in .
the hotel was extremely crowed and the service was lousy .
the hotels overall appreance was ok , but ive never seen worst rooms in a ritz before .
i think that this hotel needs to be updated and needs to be up to the standards a ritz should be .
i suggest save your money because this hotel is too expensive for what it is .
sub - standard service at the ritz this was our 2nd stay at this property , the first being last year in feb .
last year the service , food and rooms were perfect .
this year , under new ownership i understand , not very good .
food was poor at carib and pool rest .
, service at the grills and pool , non - existant and housekeeping did not get to our room until 4pm each day .
if your expecting ritz level service you will not receive it at this property .
i do not have any problem paying for service and quality but by the end of week was very frustrated at the high prices and lack of service .
not satisfied for the price i was dissapointed .
i had stay there 2 years ago , and at that time , i was treated at all times like one expects from a five star hotel .
but this time it was not up to the same levels of service , courtesy and all around experience .
the hotel is not kids friendly , the rooms are small , the restaurants meals are way overpriced for the quality and portions .
i believe they are understaffed ( my room was cleaned very late during the day and one particular night , there was nobody at the main entrance to greet and open the door , and no one to receive my rental car .
next time , i will go somewhere else .
ritz carlton just so - so this ritz carlton does not live up to the chain 's reputation .
our room was so small that furniture had to be rearranged each night to make room for the cot for our granddaughter who was traveling with us .
once the cot was in place ( which was $35 per night extra ) , we could not walk out onto the balcony ( which was $150 per night extra ) without tripping over furniture .
the lighting in the bathroom was horrible , the food was just ok , at lunch there was a long wait at the outdoor restaurant . . . it was not the ritz experience we expected .
we 've stayed at much better hotels for a lot less money .
disappointed i have stayed at many ritz carlton properties and this was not the norm .
checked into a oceanfront room , view was nice but the furniture was old , bedspread was stained , not the usual sheets , no featherbed .
had to call down for robes .
no turndown service unless you called every night to request .
the staff was not professional or friendly .
the spa was okay at best .
would not recommend this property to anyone !
good luck if you stay there ! !
it was okay . . . . my boyfriend and i came here for a romantic getaway for valentines day .
big mistake .
this resort is huge and you can easily get lost .
the room we had was very pretty but it was so far from everything .
if you wanted to hang out by the beach you would have to treck a long way to get there .
in fact estimate at least 1/2hr to 45min to go to the private island .
because once you get to the end of the property you take a elevator to the bottom and then you wait for a boat to take you to it .
the private island is nice but deserted there were no seating options or anything and if you got hungry you had to leave the island .
we tried the mexican restaurant at the hotel and it was horrible .
thank god we rented a car because we spent most of the time touring the island .
oh and there were tons of families with kids so it 's not the ideal place for a romantic getaway .
we did a day trip to calebra island .
the boat ride is like 4 hours long and painful .
once on the island you are on your own and it was nice but not worth the effort .
we took a small plane back to the hotel because we could not bare the thought of sitting on the boat again .
could have been better my husband and two children ( ages 5 10) stayed at this resort in early august .
it was our first trip to puerto rico .
the resort is very beautiful , but that 's it .
for that scale of hotel , i really was expecting a lot more .
compared to other hotels of that scale in the caribbean ( bahamas , virgin islands ) the resort could have been better . positives - we loved the coqui water park .
the slides were lots of fun and the infiniti pool was gorgeous .
the beach was ok ( too many rocks ) .
we were able to use the waverunners without a problem ( lot of the summer traffic was gone by august ) .
horseback riding was available .
wanted to do the rainforest , but did not have time .
other tourists i spoke with during the trip said they enjoyed the rainforest . negatives - the resort is isolated .
it 's hard to get off the property unless you rent a car or are going on an excursion .
the hotel is pricey for what you get .
food was expensive for the casual restaurants .
$90 for breakfast for two kids and two adults - how much do eggs , milk , bacon and waffles really cost ?
carpet was dirty in our hotel room .
the housekeeping was subpar .
i could tell no one was really cleaning - ring around the tub for days .
the toilet area had a constant urine smell i noticed on the first day ( never went away ) .
nightlife , activities and good music were lacking .
it 's not that difficult to throw a simple pool party every now and then considering the resort has nice pools .
the resort should get with it .
i would not come back considering i have other places in the caribbean and mexico to vacation .
not quite what we expected if you are used to staying at high - end 4 or 5 star resorts , this is probably not the right resort for you .
although the property is somewhat nice and the views are spectacular , this resort is absolutely not worth the money .
all the reviews about broken elevators and service problems are absolutely accurate .
we stayed in the marina area and to get to the room , we had to ride the funculars up and down the hillside .
when they were working , it was not an issue .
however , if one of them was broken , it took forever to get to the room or up to the resort .
there is no alternative way to get down to the marina so it was not the best experience .
although our room was renovated and well decorated , the new decor could not make up for the major ant problem in the room ( even though we were on the top floor and did not leave food out ) and the cleanliness of the room .
minor renovations were also needed but obviously not attended to . although there is a resort shuttle to/from the airport , they did not bother telling us that the ride was $140.
it just showed up on our bill .
the service is slow at this resort ( our iron broke and it took an hour to get a new one ) and the room service is outrageously slow and expensive .
it took an hour each time ( and they were 15 minutes later than promised ) and 2 breakfast egg plates w/ coffee will run you $85. on the positive side , the food and service at the restaurants is great .
although expensive , we do not mind paying for good food and service .
i highly recommend blossom 's and the stingray cafe for dinner .
for lunch , we loved the ballyhoo bar/grill outside in the marina .
the casino does not comp and they only have blackjack and caribbean stud tables , and slots , but we enjoyed the time we spent there . the highlight of our trip was our fishing excursion with capt .
marcos of light tackle paradise .
we booked through the hotel ( big mistake - they pocket $250 of the fee ) .
i definitely recommend capt .
marcos ' fishing trips , though .
call him directly at 787- fishing .
his rates are very affordable and it 'll be worth it ! !i should probably mention that we have stayed twice at the atlantis and that resort really sets the bar high for other resorts in the caribbean .
in comparison , the el conquistador is not even close .
the atlantis is expensive too , but worth it .
there is so much to see and do for free that this resort does not offer .
if it rains at the el con , your only alternative is the casino or stay in the room .
you could entertain yourself for hours at the atlantis rain or shine .
nice place , outrageous prices .
i would not recommend this hotel for the average middle class traveler or for the elderly .
while i am not cheap by any means , this hotel went far beyond my budget .
a lot of walking is required and climbing stairs to get to various places in the hotel .
there is even a tram to take you to different areas . hotel : upon arrival we paid for an ocean view room with 2 queen beds .
( for 4 people ) .
theygave us a shoe box sized room with a garden view .
they offered us an ocean view with one full and an air mattress .
that was unacceptable !
they finally upgraded us to la casitas , off the main hotel up on a hill where we had to be driven there , in a golf cart or a mini van if we got lucky , because it is too far from the main hotel ( the driver expected a tip every time ) .
although the room was large and the view was beautiful they only offer 2 full size beds , which was a problem for us since we were four .
we were also put on the second floor with a long flight of stairs to climb .
there were also multiple long flights of stairs down to the pool , which was a huge problem because i was with my parents who are in their late 60s and my mother has health issues , they were not fit enough for the climbing and long walk .
to get to the main hotel we had to call the hotel transportation and wait outside to be picked up which took anywhere from 10-15 minutes , just to get to a restaurant to eat .
the second day we demanded the ocean view room we originally paid for , we argued on the phone 3 times and they made us wait 2 hours while they discussed whether they would move us .
we threatened to leave and they finally moved us to the ocean view room with 2 queen beds on the first floor in the main hotel .
to go down to the marina in order to get to the water park , ferry to palomino island ( the beach ) or the shops and bar  grill , we had to take an elevator down , walk across the entire hotel , and then take a tram down .
the tram usually had a long wait because so many people needed to get on it .
please note : there is no beach at the hotel .
you need to take the ferry to what they call their private beach , which is their only beach .
the caf? at the beach is also extremely overpriced and they give you barely enough food to hold you for an hour . food : i know resorts usually have expensive food , but the prices were just not a little expensive , they were outrageously expensive .
there is no choice but to eat within the resort and all the restaurants are overpriced .
there were no reasonable prices or even just a little expensive places to eat . it does not make sense to rent a car to try to find food cheaper off the resort because parking at the resort is $15/day .
besides the cost of renting a car , and there really are no decent places to eat outside the resort . be prepared to spend between $15 - 22 for a hamburger and fries . breakfast , lunch and dinner averaged over $100/meal for four people . also be prepared to wait 30-40 minutes for your food everywhere .
la caribe gave me and my mother our breakfast after 30 minutes and gave my father his 20 minutes later , with no apologies . the drinks were incredibly watered down .
i ordered a few alcoholic drinks that had almost no alcohol in them .
the tropical drinks go from $12 - 15 a drink .
and do not expect fancy tropical drinks .
they are in regular plastic cups or hurricane glasses . the sandwich shop you can get a sandwich from 9pm to 1am at $10 and up .
but be prepared to wait on a huge line then wait another 20 minutes for them to make the sandwich , and they expect a gratuity even though it 's considered take out . service : besides not getting the right room when we arrived , then giving us the run around the next day to get the right room and waiting hours , the first day at la casitas i needed a hair dryer .
there was none in the room .
i called the front desk at 8 in the morning ; i did not receive the dryer until 9am .
the hotel elevators did not work .
there were two and one was broken for the entire week . the plumbing is awful !
the water pressure is way too low in the showers and the water is always luke warm . the room at the main hotel had no coffee maker . . . forcing us to buy the overpriced coffee at starbucks in the lobby , or go to daniels cookies , another coffee shop where they expect a gratuity for making your coffee . on the way home we called for a bell hop to take our luggage out front and were told there was a 30 minute wait .
we could not wait because we had to get on the bus to the airport in 20 minutes . there is a small internet room with 4 computers with free internet .
3 were constantly not working and one was always being used . the staff is not very willing to help with anything and half of them were very rude ! kids/water parkif you have kids there is a water park that is $20 /person for 3 slides .
that 's about all that encompasses the water park .
long lines to use the slides .
we went here because i have a 15 year old son . if you do not like kids do not come here !
it 's crawling with small kids running around , screaming and crying constantly . . and they are up all night long ! ! ! there is no quiet place in the hotel ! nightlifethere pretty much is none .
there is a small night club with not much going on , and usually empty at night . casinoforget about getting any complimentary free drinks and sandwiches .
there are no waiters to be seen offering anything .
but there is a bar in there to buy drinks .
and the machines do not pay out at all ! pools/ beachthe pools are nice but loaded with kids !
get there early !
the beaches are beautiful but again , get there early to get an umbrella or you 'll have to rent one for the day .
any activities at the beach again , are very expensive . sightseeingdo not expect to do any sight seeing after exhausting all your funds for food and activities at this hotel .
just to go to old san juan for shopping , its $50 per person . we did no sight seeing . shopsi know its to be expected , but i have to mention , yes . . everything in the shops are triple the amount of what you would pay at home . in conclusionfor such an expensive place it is not worth it .
be prepared to spend a fortune on food , wait in long lines for virtually everything , and get aggravated by the less the helpful staff !
if you are elderly or handicapped , or even have health issues , do not go here .
if you do not like kids , do not come here .
if you do not have tons of money to waste , do not come here !
you do not get any breaks here .
pack some sandwhiches just returned from a 3- night stay at the el conquistador for a professional meeting .
heard nothing but rave reviews about this hotel from others , so i was looking forward to the trip .
my wife joined me , and we were expecting a flawless and romantic weekend . bottom line : this is like staying at disney without seeing a mouse .
a major disappointment .
the rooms , although well - decorated , and apparently recently remodeled , are still dingy , poorly lit and in some disrepair .
not even close to what you would expect from a high - end resort state - side .
bathrooms are passable , but having your clothes closet in there doesn?? really make me happy . kids are everywhere , likely due to the addition of the new water park , so do not believe this is a quiet and subdued destination .
the water park , although brand new , is quite small , and for the amount you are paying for the room , you shouldn?? have to pay extra for this attraction .
like others had mentioned , forget about staying down by the marina , unless you enjoy being at least 20 minutes from being able to purchase food you have to choke down to swallow .
the restaurants are way overpriced , and good luck finding something that approaches palatable .
there is a starbucks on property , but even their coffee tasted funny to me .
the resort is immaculately landscaped , and in a beautiful setting , but the hotel has been piecemealed with additions that don?? blend with the overall setting .
there are ridiculously out of place components like polished silver and glass elevators , and an ugly escalator rising from the satillo tiles . up - charges are everywhere .
the casino is mediocre .
the golden door spa is nice , but expensive .
generally , i found the staff very friendly and accommodating .
however , i would never go back , and can check this one of my ??een there , done - that? ? list . bring a good book and some protein bars .
skip this resort my husband and i are easygoing travelers and found this resort based on the recommendation of a few friends who absolutely raved about it .
the resort has some good qualities , but it one of the worst value vacations we have ever experienced .
it has the ambiance , food quality , and feel of a mid - range sandals type resort , but is priced like a ritz carlton .
we spent almost $3000 on a 4 day trip there , with a middle - road ocean view room ( actually we were given a blocked view , but that 's another story ) .
bottom line - 4 days in hawaii could be done for this price , or 2 weeks in a similar quality all - inclusive adult or family resort . the problems seemed to be mainly service based , rather than facility based ( other than them giving us the wrong room and refusing to acknowledge it ) .
we are very seasoned travelers and have spent time in the carribean , mexico , africa , europe , and all over small towns in the us - so we are not sheltered yankees with bad attitudes - i promise .
we maintained our patience the whole time but by the end of the trip we were ready to go home , which is not typical for a 4 day weekend in a supposed luxury resort .
waiters/waitresses were understaffed , had bad attitudes , and were not attentive .
pricing throughout the resort was ridiculous ( every meal was $50 for two people , usually a salad and sandwich with soda ) .
on top of that , there was no authentic puerto rican twist , not even a local type restaurant , on the resort .
it could have been located anywhere .
i would suggest to the resort that they space out their conventions or add a convention wing to separate convention guests from other guests .
they actually closed the main pool on 2 out of the 4 days we were there for the corporate parties , which for us was pretty disheartening .
there were 2 conventions while were there - chase and b of a , back to back .
this was a big spring break week , too , so it was 100% capacity .
the resort should not have booked the hotel to 100% capacity , as the restaurants and staff were not able to handle it .
again , attitudes were poor , guests were grumbling , and many people 's room bills had invalid charges . i would recommend spending 4 days at the mirage or caesar 's in las vegas , or heading to an all inclusive mega resort in the carribean or mexico instead of spending your money at el conquistador .
it is a terrible value for a similar experience .
overpriced , over - rated stayed at las casitas at el conquistador for 7 nights with my 3 kids .
we had a good week , but were very disappointed by several aspects of the hotel .
first , the food was uniformly terrible , not to mention overpriced .
the hotel has many restaurants ; we tried 7 or 8 of them and never found one that could make a decent meal aside from breakfast ( but , how hard is it to make scrambled eggs , bacon and fresh fruit ? ) .
service was friendly , which is fortunate since many restaurants automatically included a 20% gratuity on every bill .
also , there is lots of walking/traveling involved at this hotel .
the casitas are nice , set aside from the rest of the hotel .
but it is a walk to everything .
the hotel makes a big deal about the personal butler service that comes with the casitas .
we were told we would have a butler everyday .
the first day our butler , steve , called and stopped by .
he was great .
gave us some tips , brought us a dvd player ( the casita only had an old vhs machine ) .
but after a couple of days , he had 2 days off and we could not find anyone who was assigned to our casita .
we enjoyed the water park , although it is small .
it is at the bottom of the hill , accessible only by two small funiculars that travel up and down the cliff .
fun for the kids once or twice , but a drag when lots of folks are trying to go to the same place at the same time .
the waterpark itself has three slides , a lazy river and a shallow area for small children to play .
if your kids have been to other water parks , be sure to set their expectations fairly low .
it is certainly more fun than a traditional hotel pool , but it is not that great for a water park .
and not free .
the tickets are about $13 for kids and $20 for adults .
the beach is on a separate island .
to get there , you take a free ferry ride .
you can rent rafts , inner tubes and other fun things , but everything is overpriced .
a kayak is $48 for an hour , for example .
a noodle , $6. we rented a car from enterprise at the front desk to tour the rain forest - - much cheaper than the $50/person for their half - day tour .
and we could set our own schedule .
the rain forest was beautiful and the hiking was great for kids .
i highly recommend at least a 1/2 day there . we also went on a boat tour of the bioluminescent bay .
many folks take the kayak tours , but i really recommend the boat , as we got to jump in the water once we were there .
i did not see any of the kayakers getting into the water . we arranged this trip separately from the hotel with a man named captain suarez .
he took us in a small boat with about 12 people .
we would through mangroves in the dark , with captain suarez shining a powerful flashlight onto the mangroves .
we saw huge iguanas sleeping in the trees and he pointed out lots of ither interesting nature facts .
swimming in the water was a trip .
water lighting up all around you . while we enjoyed our time in puerto rico , we would have preferred to have stayed somewhere with decent food and fewer people .
awful service my husband , myself , and our three year old son just returned from a five day stay to the el conquistador .
although , the resort has been recently renovated , the service is in need of a major renovation .
in all of our travels we have never experienced such poor service . upon getting to our room we found the safe to be locked .
it took five hours and a couple of phone calls before security managed to come up to the room .
as soon as we checked in i requested extra pillows so i could put them on my son 's bed so he would not fall out .
once again , it took numerous phone calls .
finally someone from housekeeping showed up approximately six hours later with one pillow .
he could not understand why we were so upset .
upon speaking to the head of house keeping , additional pillows were finally delivered .
we knew that we were going to pay resort prices for food so we were prepared .
however , the service in all of the restaurants , especially otello 's was beyond awful .
it took approximately 45 minutes for them to bring out a plate of chicken fingers .
we always eat on the earlier side to avoid any crowds and delays when we are out with our son .
this is in fairness to him and to everyone else in the restaurant .
however , you ca not expect a three year old to sit for forty five minutes patiently before a meal arrives . we knew the hotel was not inexpensive and we did not have any problem with that .
however , we expected to get far better service than what we received .
everyone who we spoke to said the same thing .
many of the people we met would not return because of the poor service .
beautiful location but beware . . .
we stayed at las casitas during the february break this year .
the location is beautiful and the unit we stayed in was very nicely appointed .
having a kitchen was a huge plus for us since we were traveling with young children .
you should most definitely use the hotel service to purchase groceries upon your arrival or rent a car or taxi to go to the local supermarket ( about 5 minutes from the hotel ) , you will save money and be better fed .
there were , however , significant negatives to the hotel which would prevent us from returning :1.
it took an hour to get from our room to the beach at palomino island .
you have to take a golf cart to the main hotel , walk about 4 city blocks through parts of the hotel , take an elevator to the tram , wait on line for the tram , wait for the boat to arrive and then travel to the island .
no part of the trip was unpleasant but that is a considerable amount of time ( especiallyl with kids in tow ) and your entire day had to be planned around trying to get to the beach .2.
the hotel was extremely crowded ( not suprisingly ) because of the holiday and they seemed unprepared for the crowds .
by the time we arrived at the beach they ran out of chairs , we had to wait 1 hour to pick up our lunch at the only restaurant on the island , the ice cream parlor in the main hotel ran out of most flavors and one of the restaurants we ate in even ran out of napkins .
i think this also contributed to the fact that we received very poor customer service from the certain members of the hotel staff .3.
the hotel adds additional costs at every turn .
given the cost of our room per night they should not charge an additional fee ( $25 per day per guest ) to use the golden door spa .
similarly , the $25 per person fee they charged for cancelled dinner reservations in hotel restaurants detered us from making any reservations in advance .
this proved to be a wise choice because 2 of our children became sick during our visit and we would have spent $150 not to have dinner .
five star prices for three star product idyllic setting and one of the most gorgeous properties i have visited in my extensive caribbean travels .
but the praise stops there .
i was in a recently remodeled ocean view room which was decorated tastefully but not well maintained .
there were scuff marks all over the walls and the furniture was stained .
the bathroom/walk - in closet area was huge and functional with one huge problem - - no air conditioning vent .
ladies , you cannot style your hair in this humid climate with no air .
bring an extension cord so you can do it in the bedroom .
food was incredibly overpriced for the quality .
in all my years of dining out i have never refused to pay a check until i ate at the cafe caribe for breakfast , waited almost an hour for an omelet that was flatter than a pancake and had a few slivers of lunch meat in it .
they did not make this disaster complimentary but after much haggling discounted the bill 50% .
expect to spend over $100 pp at the steakhouse for a steak you could get at your local sizzler .
i do not mind paying those prices for great steak .
trust me , this steak was not aged prime beef .
sat at a bar for 30 minutes waiting to be served and just got up and left .
bottom line : beautifully maintained grounds and exterior , sub standard rooms , terrible service , mediocre food .
will not return .
a dissappointing vacation to say the least a very disappointing experience .
the hotel is huge and filled with conventions .
we were put in the los olas section , which is run down , concrete walls chipping , wood railings rotted , and carpeting in the lobby of los olas was filthy .
our room had been remodeled and was very pretty , but someone had not cleaned properly .
they were very accommodating and moved us to the marina , a new building and new rooms . . . . . very satisified until we checked into the room ( the only one available , according to them ) and our premium ocean view room was right over the major construction of a water park , coqui , which started promptly at 8am and went until 6pm with backhoes , etc . and way too much noise to even sit on our deck overlooking the ocean !
the food was outrageously priced . . . . . such as $9.00 for a kids hotdog or $14 for a cheeseburger . . . . . .and the list goes on .
people were very friendly , however !
oh , the night kayaking ( $89 per person ) was a huge disappointment .
the lumenated kayaks were nothing more than a halloween glow stick on the front and back of the boats !
lots of rowing in the dark to see a little bit of luminance in the water . . . . . .
will not return if you are disabled , or have difficulty walking .
do not stay here ! everything is incredibly far , even rooms to the elevator .
the hotel is like an l shape .
the elevator to the lower pool area is at the end of the l shape , if you have difficulty walking - -no pool for you !
there are no handicapped rooms with two double beds .
there are no courtesy wheel chairs , they rent for $25 a day .
frankly , there was no courtesy anythig !
be prepared to pay for everything . do not be fooled by the pretty recently removated rooms on the web site , these do not exist , at least at the normal people rate .
one of our rooms was missing a lamp from the wall over the bed , the bathrooms were big , but kind of grimmy from aging .
the mattreses were awful , you could hear the springs every time you turned . the only really nice thing was the ferry to palominos island .
the boats are new and the crew very courtious and nice .
be aware that they do not let you bring even a water bottle on board .
this is because once you are captive at palominos they nail you for everything .
the water sports come at a high price also .
in short , although the hotel grounds are neatly maintained and the view is spectacular , the accomodations , amenities and services are poor . another terrible thing was the uncooperative , and unfriendliness of the folks at th front desk .
they made little effort to accomodate or help resolve a situation .
i stayed there this one time , but will not return .
if they sell themselves as a luxury hotel , they should deliver what they sell . i also stayesd at parador villa parguera and when compared , i will return to la parguera , but not to el conquistador .
should have stayed somewhere else !
we stayed (4 people , two separate rooms ) at the el con july 8th - 11th on a business trip .
we had one ocean view room and one garden view room .
the garden view room was on the 6th floor and had , in my opinion , a pretty darn good view of the ocean .
for the money , it may not be worth the upgrade to an ocean view room if you can manage to get a garden view room on a top floor .
my girlfriend and i were in the ocean room .
the first one they put us in was right next to an elevator , so we requested a change .
the second room they put us in was right next to the funicular railway , which , by the way , runs all night !
you 'd think that if you request to be moved due to noise in the first place , that they would not put you right next to something else that 's equally as annoying .
that room was also next to a family with who knows how many kids whose primary goal in life was to slam doors and yell loudly .
we requested another move and were put on the other side of that particular wing in another ocean view room .
this time , we were not near anything noisy , and this room 's view far exceeded that of the first two .
clearly , the rooms here are not created equally .
speak up and get a nice one !
the bed in the ocean view room was really comfortable , but forget about the l shaped vinyl couch .
whoever came up with that idea should be fired .
overall we found the staff very pleasant , helpful , and accommodating .
we tried to sign up for a couple of the tours , but unless the hotel has enough people signed up , they wo not run them , which was disappointing .
luckily , we decided to rent a car for a day and go out on our own .
the rentals are cheap ( there 's an enterprise desk right next to the concierge ) , and this was the best decision we could have made .
a car offers infinitely more freedom on this island ( i did not see any public trans ) , and since this hotel is literally on top of a huge hill and far away from san juan , it 's the only way to escape - for example - to eat somewhere local and reasonably priced ( try el pasion if you 're looking for a good nearby restaurant ) .
with four people , we spent nearly half as much on the car/gas as we would have doing the hotel 's tours .
we also saw double the amount of attractions .
the most annoying thing about this place is that the beach is on an island and you have to take a boat out there to get to it .
we did not even bother doing this due to our schedule .
the last boat out there leaves at 3 pm and the last boat back to the hotel leaves at 5 pm .
at other hotels we visited during our business meeting , a beach was no more than a 2 minute walk from the hotel lobby ( e . g .
rio mar hotel near el yunque rainforest - as an aside , we swam at the beach here around 4 pm and it was amazing ) .
at el con , i guess you are just out of luck if you want to have a beer on the sand after 5 pm !
the pools are open 24 hours , though , but during the day were crowded to the point where i would not even really consider using them .
i wondered if half the people using them were even staying at the resort . the sting ray cafe offered delicious fine dining for around $50 a person not including drinks .
the other restaurants were overpriced and were acceptable otherwise .
i believe it 's much better to go into fajardo and find a local place instead .
overall , the place has amazing views .
it 's probably better for families than it is for couples .
if you want beach access without a huge hassle , do not stay here .
also , this place is better for those who do not want to travel around the island - those looking for the resort experience only .
the golf course looked great , too , although scorched in some parts .
also , the casino was a lot of fun , but for anyone who likes video poker , the pay table are awful (6/5 jacks or better ) .my advice would be to stay somewhere more centralized and wherever you stay , rent a car !
" el con " is a singularly aproppriate nickname for hotel stayed at casitas section of hotel , privately owned apartments run by the hotel .
the cons : 1) too much work to enjoy amenities/you have to take golf carts to main hotel , then go through complex to reach the vernacular to take you to the marina , then take a boat to the private island beach .
then add that you wait everywhere for ever .2)
the restaurants are outrageously expensive . wanted to order for a party of six three meals since not everybody wanted to eat a full course . they wanted to charge $ 20.00 per person sharing fee .
i gave a buffet reception where they could only provide 4 plastic containers to have guests take leftover food back to their apartments ; claimed they were all out thus i had a lot of dissapointed guests and expensive food waisted .
3) poor service , tray set outside for three days before being picked up , extra towels took a day since they had to get it from the main building , we never got the coffee for our coffee maker the entire week , had to ask for new soap several times . . . etc .4) paid
$ 75.00 for shampoo at salon where service was so bad , i need pages to describe experience5) many incorrect charges on final bill ( thanks to trip advisor input i checked bill ) .
overall , i felt they were nickle and diming me ( with 00's ) and it did not feel i was at a nice , classy , relaxing resort .
not worth the $$ our troubles started upon check in .
we were staying there for a wedding , and the price we were supposed to be paying for the wedding party was not recognized through the resort .
we had to end up booking through another travel site , and paying much more .
and after numerous attempts to call them to sort out the problem ( long distance of course ) and having no one answer the phone we had to stick with spending more money on reservations .
after arriving to see if there was anything they could do to help us , they actually told us no and there was nothing they could do for us .
wow , horrible .
the area around the pools are extremely slippery .
the concrete they decided on was a horrible choice .
and to get to the main pools , you have to walk through an outdoor restaurant .
i felt rude basically interrupting people while they were enjoying lunch/dinner just trying to get to the pool .
also , there is no easy way to get to the 3 different pools in the main area .
which leads me to my next complaint .
my father already had a sprained ankle that was in the process of healing , very well i might add .
well , in trying to find a better way just to get to the hot tub from the pool , he ended up slipping ( again on the slippery choice of flooring ) and rolling his ankle again .
it was horrible .
and the staff there , did not care .
they looked at us like we were stupid when i was trying to rush to get him ice ( and trying not to fall myself ) and told them i needed a wheelchair asap .
when the staff member finally showed up , he had the nerve to tell me oh , do not worry the use of the wheelchair right now is free , but if you need it any other time it will be $25 a day are you kidding me ? ? first of all . . . .over something that happened at your resort , and the complete nerve of them to take advantage of people in that since is outrageous .
the food .
well , the restaurants were wonderful .
dinner at the stingray was amazing and the service was outstanding .
also , blossoms was wonderful as well .
and truly the other dinner places were great as well .
however . . . the prices are insane ! !
one morning at breakfast , my husband and i ( keep in mind it was just the two of us ) had a $50 bill .
$18 for belgium waffles , and $4.50 for a glass of orange juice .
and trust me , the waffles were not that impressive .
there were only 3, and they were small .
also be prepared for the 20% automatic gratuity they put on .
one other disgusting fact is , my husband and i went to david 's cookies one night and wilma had the most disgusting gross finger nails i have ever seen in my entire life .
they were long and brown with so much dirt and grime underneath i could not beleive that she was allowed to be in the food service industry .
and she did not wear gloves to get our food .
needless to say i could not eat .
i put in a complaint with the front desk staff regarding this .
the staff was touchy .
they did not seem to enjoy their job at all .
one lady would not even give us towels until we could prove that we were guests at the resort .
i can understand , however we had wristbands on from going to palomino island earlier that day .
the only way you can get a wristband is showing proof that you are guest there .
so we then had to dig through all of our belongings to find our card just because the wristbands were not good enough for her .
the spa was wonderful .
the staff was very helpful and pleasant .
however , i had a rain forest facial there and the esthetician was extremely heavy handed .
it was not relaxing at all , the lights were on the whole time and she was cleaning during the treatment .
banging around utensils and the metal bowl they use .
i wish i had choose a different treatment , i did hear the massage someone else had was wonderful .
the rooms were ok .
not up to standard of a 4 or 5 star resort however .
and the elevator did not have ac in it , and to top it off , it was slow .
and be prepared for a lot of walking .
the resort is almost too large and it truly makes it hard to get from point a to b . palomino island was very nice , however the ordeal of having to get there almost not worth it .
all i can say is good luck to the future guests .
definitely not 5 star i was staying at the el con resort for a wedding .
first of all , we booked our rooms when the resort was owned by wyndham .
our preious reservations were not accepted by the new managment , an we had to redo our reservations ( at double the price of course ) .
upon checkin the problems started .
they booked us in the wrong section of the resort , even though we called the resort directly to confirm that we would be in the newly renovated las briasas wing .
after complaining they at least bumped us to an ocean view room .
rooms were nice upon first inspection , but as we started to use them we realized there were many problems .
the toilet stoppped working ourfirst night .
it may have been a hotel wide problem , because it was notjust our room that experienced such problems .
the sink in the bathroom did not have a plug .
there were problems with the stereo anddvd player .
the restuarants that we went to were not acceptible ( we tried to eat off the resort whenever possible ) , service was incredibly slow and the food was not good and over priced ( like most hotel food ) .additional charges for everything were outrageous .
if you had acar it was $15 to $25 a day to park ( although locals using the casino could park for free ) , and the internet service ( not even wireless ) was $15 a day .
the island beaches were nice , but not much to see snorkeling , and they did at least give you complementary beach towels at the pools and beach .
nice place but keep an eye on your credit card we just came back on 05/28/2007 and when we check out they try to charge us $500.00 more .
it took us almost 2 1/2 hours to clarify everything and we almost lose our fight .
i check my bank account on 05/29/2007 and they over charge me $ 2,514.60
immediatly i called them and it took them almost 3 days to get back with me .
they just call me back and told me that i will have my money back in 3 to 4 business days .
the place was beutiful but is not 5 starts plus the restaurants do not have the best food and is expensive .
tip : if you pay cash or credit card in the restaurants , bars or shoping store , keep your receipes or they will charge double .
save your money - find another resort - we just returned from 6 days on the resort .
while it was nice to be on vacation , the resort was not worth the money .
at $500 per night , there are many places that you can stay that are cleaner , newer and more high end . a couple of points : - we were lucky to be in the new renovated rooms .
the room was clean and refreshing .
the bed was great and the bathroom was very large .
a cheap shower curtain and a ripped couch were the only issues with the room .
it was in appropiate that they charge a 25% hotel tax for the renoviated rooms .
they did not advise it at check in . -
the food was terrible and overpiced .
every place you ate , the menu was the same .
- fine dinning - the resort has 3 high end restuarants for dinner only .
the food was good , but everthing was 2x what should have been charged .
- grounds - the resort is beautifully located on the cliffs , but without easy acess to a beach , made for a major disappointment .
the private island is not that great .
you have to wait for a ferry , which only runs on the 1/2 hour and the ride is about 15 minutes .
after all the dealing , it is not worth it .
because of the inconvience , we only went to the island one time and spend all the time at the pool .
the island was not that great .
- the trams - you have to take a tram down to the lower part of the resort .
most of the time that we were there , one of the trams was broken .
everyday we spent about 30 minutes waiting in line for the tram . -
activities - the pricing to snorkel , fish , sail , etc . were so over inflated , that we did not spend the money . -
the golden door spa - we really enjoyed the treatments and the staff were fantastic .
the spa seemed to not fit in with the resort since it was so much nicer than any spots on the resort .
the only negative about the spa is that it was so expensive .
but once you are at this resort , you are looknig for some relief from your overpriced reality .
great staff and setting , 5- star prices for a 4- star experience mystery solved : we wondered  worried about all the negative guest comments that started popping up in december ahead of our weeklong visit .
our marina rooms did not have the mold or housekeeping problems , but we did experienced the financial mugging - the slap - you - in - face prices everywhere you turned .
somehow resorts like four seasons , canyon ranch , and aman make you feel good about dropping 2 grand a night .
el con doesn?? .
the reason ?
it?? not an ??xr? ? resort , it?? a short - term investment for blackstone equity partners .
typically this means raising prices to service a massive debt load , adding on a few superficial improvements and flipping the property within a year .
the business goal is a hit and run short term profit , not long term guest satisfaction .
the danger is that they lose the outstanding staff , who managed to stay cool , calm , collected , pleasant , and most of all helpful even during the christmas - new year 's crunch season .
if you do go , try the outstanding bioluminescence bay tour , and take a cab , not the overpriced hotel tour , to old san juan .
it 's beautiful , clean , and safe .
the forts , run with the usual excellence by the national park service , are a must .
eat with the locals at el jibarito on calle sol .
for the beach on palomino island - bring water shoes or sandals , like keens .
there 's a fair amount of sharp glass and coral .
and be nice to the el con staff - they 'll more than return the favor .
disliked it so much that we moved to another hotel ! !
this hotel leaves much to be desired .
we were amazed at its ranking and can only presume that it may impress people who are not frequent travellers and do not know how things ought to be .
they have ads up around the hotel indicating that they are going to be undergoing major renovations , i can assure you that they need them . first of all - while they are not clear about this on their site , i will be - they do not have a beach right at the property ! !
as they say , there is a beach on palamino island , and they have a boat which takes you there . . . but : you ca not go at will , the boat takes approx .
20 minutes to get there , and , by the way - it really is not a 'private island '.
( in puerto rico the 'shores belong to the people . '
as such there are many local who take boats over to the island and hang out along the beach in front of their boats . )the
boat leaves every 30-60 minutes , beginning at 9am and leaves the island before sunset .
so much for hanging out on the beach ! !
when i go to a resort i like to be able to walk on the beach at will .
they also have two little coves on the other side of the 'island ' - but they explained to us that it 's a 40ish minute hike .
the island has a small mountainous middle , no shade along the way , and you ca not swim once you get there as that side of the island is very rough and rocky .
there is also no service on that side of the island .
the only reason some people may venture over is curiousity , and/or the fact that one of the coves allows nude bathing .
we did not go to that part of island once they gave us all the facts .
most importantly it 's much too hot to be stuck there without any service and without much shade . if you are beach lovers , as we are , the main beach on the island leaves much to be desired .
you can walk the length of the beach in approx .
7 minutes .
it 's not a deep beach , so you 're walking past people 's chairs .
we were terribly dissapointed . the hotel itself is quite rundown , and our room was really quite dirty .
we called housekeeping and requested that they clean it properly the following day , but that did not provide results .
we gave details as to places which had most certainly not been dusted for many months , and the dust remained for the 6 days we stayed .
after 6 days we realized that we were just so unhappy that it was silly to stay there any longer .
we decided to move to a hotel we 'd been to before , only a few minutes away , which has a very beautiful property and very lovely beach .
( the westin rio mar ) the hotel is also not at all friendly to people with any type of mobility impairment .
it is a huge complex with stairs all over .
to get to the boat which takes you to the island you must get down to the base of the property on the water .
while there are some ramps around , they fail to mark them with signs , so finding them requires extra walking , and that still does not ensure that you find an accessible route . the casino is extremely tacky and draws in many locals who seem to sit all day playing the 1 cent slots , and many chain smoke as they do so .
the penny slots are on the edge of the casino alongside the lobby , so you must pass by them to get to other places . if you decide to go anyway , make sure to go to the small infinity pool at the casitas - there 's a sign that it 's only for guests at the casitas , but they do not mind .
it 's a semi - circular infinity pool at the top of a cliff and is the only place with padded pool chairs .
quite lovely . . .
you can also request that they give you a ride back to the main hotel at the end of the day , and they 'll pick you up in a golf cart type vehicle . one of the nicest places on the property is at the very bottom , beyond where the boat leaves to go to the island .
there 's a large grassy area with a few chairs ( and a basketball court at the end of it ) and it is on the edge of the water .
as busy as the hotel was , nobody was there when we were .
we 'd go sit there after dinner , and it is very pretty and peaceful .
they discourage you from staying at the rooms down there , as they say that you are 'too far ' from the rest of the hotel .
frankly , you 'd be right by the boat to the island , there are restaurants and a waterside bar and if you wish to go to the pool or the main hotel , you take the funicular up , instead of having to take it down to get to the aforementioned places .
it 's worth having a look at the photos posted by another recent traveller to the hotel - as we saw the same things - a lot of mold , dirt and disrepair . once they renovate it will be much nicer , i hope , but there will never be a real beach for those of you seeking a 'beach ' vacation .
tired , rude , and over - priced i agree with other posters that the rooms were a bit tired , the pool was less then pristine ( and the hot tub kind of swampy ) , and the prices were outrageous !
but what really bothered me about this place was the apathetic and at times down - right rude service .
i was repeatedly met with eye rolls and one syllable answers when i aksed various hotel staff for directions or other assistance .
i saw a couple of the guys in our group order drinks from the casino waitress .
she turned to them and snapped , you gonna pay for it ?
i 'm not getting them unless you tell me who 's gonna pay for it .
even if the drinks were not on the house because they were not sitting at a table at the moment , she was ridiculously rude .
one couple in our group had their camera stolen from the casino and security seemed as if they could not care less .
they were told that although the security cameras caught the thief on video , there was nothing that could be done about it .
the whole incident seemed fishy .
another person prebooked the shuttle bus back to the airport on her final day , only to arrive and be told that the bus was full and she 'd have to wait an hour for the next one .
she barely made her flight .
overall , i was extremely disappointed in el conquistador .
it is clear to me that this place is just gliding by on its reputation , hoping to squeeze the most money out of their guests while doing the least for them .
i would not recommend this place for the price !
you 've got to save up for this one ay caramba is this place expensive .
we were there off season for a meeting , so the room was reasonably priced , but this resort sure makes up for that in charges for everything you can imagine ( $10 for a bell fee , which they do not let you know about until it winds up on your bill , 25$/day for internet connectivity , etc ) .
we had a simple lunch by the pool of hamburgers ( which were actually quite good ) , but which cost $18 apiece .
a small bottle of water is $3.50.
fortunately most of our meals were included with the meeting , but we still spent a lot for snacks .
the resort is far away from anything else , we could not rely on our trick of stocking up on water and snacks at a local convenience store .
the food is actually pretty good , but not worth the prices charged . the rooms are really outdated , but i understand that a major rennovation is planned .
one thing to note is that the maids only change the linens and do not clean the bathroom .
we got a little sand in our tub , and it stayed with us for all 4 days that we were there . the pools are pretty but too small for the size of the resort .
you have to take a boat over to palomino island (25 min trip ) to get to the beach .
the island and beach are breath takingly beautiful , but the boat lines can get quite long and there only a small awning to wait under ; we stood in the blazing sun for almost an hour as there were so many people waiting that we watched two boats come and go .
will not return the rooms at this resort are filthy and outdated .
the bathroom in our room wreaked of mildew and the ceilings were warped and had water stains as did the carpeting .
the room was never properly cleaned during the five days we were there and i had to request things that should be supplied like clean towels and wash cloths , clean drinking glasses and coffee .
the maids just rinsed the drinking glasses and coffee pot each day and set them back on the bathroom counter .
it made me wonder if they even replace them with clean ones before the next guests .
each evening we would bring our wine or cocktail back to our room with us after dinner and the next day the maids would rinse those glasses and set them on the bathroom counter .
by the third day i was so frustrated i took all the glasses and set them on the floor with the dirty towels and a note begging them to please take them and leave us clean towels and wash cloths .
we asked for , but did not receive a king bed .
we had two full size beds that felt like army cots .
we were lucky that our tv and alarm clock worked because we talked to others in our large group who told us theirs were broken .
everything else about the resort was ok other than the dirty swimming pool .
the staff was very pleasant and friendly , but then again we did not have any problems to report like theft of property or something else that would need extra attention .
the casino was fun , but beware of the slot machines .
i lost $30 in less than ten minutes and never even won a quarter !
very tight .
my husband did ok with blackjack though .
one lady at his table was annoyed with the dealer because she was stone faced and never cracked a smile .
when this lady tried to lighten her mood a little the pit boss got very rude with her and told her to be quiet .
i would have got up and left , but the lady stayed and kept her mouth shut .
i have written this review as honestly as possible because i would hate to see some young couple save their money for a nice honeymoon and be as disappointed as we were .
we were fortunate enough to be with a group that paid for our trip or i would be livid about the whole thing .
ok if you do not expect too much actually stayed at the adjoining las casitas villas .
the good : the villa is terrific for kids , with two double beds and a pullout queen size couch there is plenty of room .
the kitchen and ability to have the staff stock it in advance saves time and money and provides an element of relaxation that one ca not get in a cramped hotel room .
the views are fantastic and the property is generally clean .
the nearby marina offered some off - site local eating opportunities and a nice jumping off point for a bioluminescent lagoon tour .
the pools are adequate and the kids (6, 9, 11) seemed to enjoy them .
they had almost as much fun chasing geckos and frogs .
while there is no beach on the property , the resort 's beach at palomino island was relatively quiet and fun .
the best parts of the tour were provided by non - hotel tour guides .
we took a private tour of el yunque through the hotel with a guide named juan who was pleasant and knowledgeable .
after getting us to the forest and showing us where to go , he helped us find a terrific mexican restaurant on the way back , helped us negotiate the purchase of a hammock from a road - side vendor , and was a pleasure .
similarly , capt .
suarez captained a small motorboat into the bioluminescent bay and pointed out to us iguanas , hawks , and other sites that made the trip highly memorable .
the snorkeling tour through the hotel 's affiliate was also worth the trip . now the bad .
the butler is a joke .
other than schlepping the bags to and from our room , he was generally unavailable and unhelpful , albeit pleasant .
when we asked about a trip to the neighboring island of vieques , he simply left an internet printout of the boar schedule in our room .
pure gimmick .
do not expect anything from the butler that you could not get from a decent concierge .
we discovered on our last day three cockroaches in our room , which freaked the wife out .
not what you want in a five - star property .
the lack of an on - site beach is a pain and nobody ( even the butler ) told us that even if we showed up for the boat on time , we may have to wait an hour or more because of crowds .
( you can go early and get a wristband for an appointed time . )
the food was mediocre and generally overpriced .
we also encountered some surprising outages .
the ice cream shop was generally always out of ice cream .
the staff was not especially helpful and sometimes simply pointless .
when we asked to have a paper delivered to our room , they twice promised that it was coming .
it did not .
the island that serves as the property beach was unkempt , with trash littered through the bushes .
blame that on the facility and the pigs who just toss their trash around .
oh , and this may not sound great , but a lot of new yorkers stomping around irritable , sunburnt , and often on the phone . will we go again ?
no . are we glad we went ?
the highlights , though , were the result of things near the property , not the property .
a letter to my travel agent : tell customers to skip pr and elcon hi paulette , after enjoying old san juan for a day , i went to the el conquistador and i was really disappointed .
the pictures on the web made it look like it was a five star hotel one of the best in the world , but at best its a three star .
the rooms decor was a bit tired , the food ( even bar snacks ) was absurdly expensive and mediocre , the beach was a ten minute water taxi away , and the golf course booked up with convention delegates .
once you left the resort , you might as well have been driving around a place like lynn mass or lowell ; strip malls and burgher kings , dollar stores lots of traffic , not much to do except a walk in the rain forest .
so knowing that my temper and frustration level would rise quickly , no matter how much i tried to make the best of things at el con , i left pr after one day for saint thomas and st john where i spent an enjoyable three days at the westin hotel , a great place , thats extremely well designed , and run .
i bar hopped .
visited the incredibly picturesque island on motor scooter , rented a zodiak inflatable boat and went snorkelling .
by the way , i had a frequent flyer to pr on us air then from pr to saint thomas by cape air is only $200 much cheaper than american eagle .
overrated and overpriced just got back from six days in puerto rico .
the el conquistador did not meet our expectations in terms of their rooms and amenities .
so if you are expecting luxurious rooms - read on . . . we were booked for five nights but ended up staying only three . . . switched to the westin in rio grande which i highly recommend - they 've just been through an extensive renovation .
( this is something the elcon will be doing but it will take a few years - it used to be a wyndham resort - and was just bought by blackstone real estate group ) .the elcon did not tell us that mid - way through our stay that they had booked a huge broadcasting convention - and that wbls radio station ( in ny ) would be broadcasting shows and blaring music until 12:30-1am right outside our window for a few nights !
the whole point of the trip is that we had wanted to escape new york city and all its sounds .
when we first got to the resort - we ended up switching rooms 3 times ( something i 've never done ) but worth the effort .
first two rooms had broken lamps and shower rods and the bathrooms had dirty floors and showers with mildew stains on tiles and curtains .
the third room was in la vista area/wing of resort ( near spa ) -had a great view of palomino island but no amenities of any kind .
no bathrobes or turn down service and the beds honestly felt like cots .
at $359 a night for an ocean view room - i would definitely like amenities !
( also - very important , that does not include the extra $89.75 in resort tax and tariff fees they bill you at the end !
comes out to a whopping $448.75 a night .
for that you get a great view w/terrace - but not a great room .
food left little to be desired - very over priced and not that good overall .
ok , there are the negatives - here are the positives : palomino island - private island with breathtaking views and good beach ( free ferry shuttle from resort ) .
golf - excellent arthur hills golf course ( again very expensive for a round and rented clubs - and i think you should get at least free bottled water - which you do not ) but one of the most beautiful courses i 've ever played .
stingray restaurant ( down in marina area ) -expensive but worth it : great food , great atmosphere and view .
golden door spa - my friend said the deep tissue massage was intense and that they had a relaxing waterfall hot tub in the indoor spa area .
rainforest day tour ( not hiking one ) -get edwin as your tour guide and have a fun , lively trip ( roughly $99 for two people ) .
oh , one note - the elcon bioluminescence kayaking tour at night ( $133 for two people ) -is the one at laguna grande not vieques .
most of your time is spent paddling through the mangrove trees to get to the bay in complete darkness - and its rather difficult paddling against the current going back .
not for first time kayakers at all .
we own kayaks and found this trip challenging ( mostly because it was very difficult to see anything in the pitch black ) .
also , the time spent at the bioluminescence bay itself is roughly ten minutes .
very cool once you 're there to see the water light up around you .
the trip to vieques is the one most often highlighted in tour books but i do not believe the elcon offers that particular trip - or at least they did not when we were there .
ok - back to the positives : definitely go to the infinity pool by the casitas village at the resort .
go out to eat in fajardo - -either to lolita 's ( good mexican restaurant in fajardo/luquillos area ) or passyons ( great local spot with authentic pr cuisine nearby ) .
also , check out the elcon web site - as they do have promotions available with certain bookings that will save some money in the long run . . . but if you want to save $120 a night - i personally think the westin is the way to go .
it has ocean view rooms w/terraces - a private mile stretch of beach ( right off resort - no ferry service ) good room amenities ( westin heavenly beds and robes ) -2 golf courses ( rio mar cc ) and like elcon they had many different restaurants and a casino at the hotel .
also - there were no extra room tax and tariff rates and the rate included breakfast ( comparable if not better than the $50 buffet breakfast for two you got at elcon ) .
again , skip some of the restaurants at the westin ( palio was over priced and had just ok food ) and go to ones outside the resort .
we went to antojito 's ( right outside resort and down hill to the left ) -good local spot - w/good food - mofangos - reasonable and very friendly staff .
one downside of the resort is that their shuttle service to the golf area or tennis area was not reliable - no one seemed too concerned to get us to our tee time in time .
but at the westin you have breathtaking views of the rainforest and good views of the atlantic ocean and you are that much closer to old san juan if you want to take a day ( or night ) trip there .
love the ne/eastern side of puerto rico - but wish i had read a review like this before we booked our trip !
vactioner beware !
we went for a long weekend to get away from the winter months at home .
we were hopeful seeing the website pictures , etc . but leery due to some of the reviews we read .
we decided on the resort also because most of the nicer resorts in san juan were booked . when we arrived early friday afternoon in puerto rico we were excited to see a bus awaiting to sweep us away to our carribbean resort .
we waited for approximately 45 minutes before our bus ride left the airport .
the complimentary drinks on the bus were picked over and not even worth the bother .
the bus ride took nearly two hours because we later found out we were in rush hour traffic .
it seemed as if we would never get there and the bus ride twists and turns and is slightly nauseating .
upon arrival and check - in we were a little exhausted by the trip on the bus and then navigating around the resort and finally reaching our room .
the staff seemed very pleasant at the check - in desk and the bellhop was very helpful and delightful .
we settled into our room which was average in appearance and fair to average as far as cleanliness .
we dined at the stingray cafe and the fish entrees we had were delicious and the service was beyond amazing ! we were warm and muggy much of the time during the night , the air would not adjust to cooler .
my husband did a minor bathroom sink repair .
on saturday morning we awoke to discover the sheets twisted because there was a regular flat sheet instead of a fitted sheet on the bed .
saturday we rode the ferry over to the palomino island .
we hiked the entire island and we were a little disppointed in the majority of the island .
over much of the terrain near the populated beach it looked as though they were in the process of landscaping because there were tractor/bulldozer tracks .
we ate lunch at the outdoor iguana 's cafe and were a little preturbed at the constant pestering the roaming chickens gave us .
the food was average for cafe food .
the water at the main beach area and the surrounding ocean scenery was quite peaceful and beautiful .
the ferry ride to and from makes for a fun trip but slightly annoying when you think about it - why not just have a beach right at the resort area ?
also , the palomino island is apparently not a private beach but rather has quite a crowd of locals with loud music and large boats anchored right at the ferry drop off area .
we did not elect to do the horse back riding - i 'm not sure where all you could have ridden the horses , after scoping out the island it seems as though you would have had a medicore dirt trail ride with a short time on the beachfront .
we had some appetizer foods mid - afternoon at the bally - hoo bar and grill , food was good and the nice flat screen t . v . 's were nice for viewing the basketball games .
we ate at blossoms that night and the food was good , pricey though . we elected for room service for breakfast and the food was average but the price was a bit much .
the food was fresh but you could tell the long journey from the main resort area to our room mid - way down to the ocean was a long and tolling journey .
we returned back to the palomino island and enjoyed another day in the sun !
one of the definite highlights was the beautiful weather all four days we were there . the pool areas were average , although at the end of the day they looked pretty well beaten .
definitely not quite as crystal clear and dreamy as the pictures on the internet made it appear .
it seemed as though the el conquistador is trying to hard to be good at to many things and is left with being fair to average on most points .
on monday we left the hotel and check - out was more than depressing !
we found out just how much we were nickel and dimed and just how pricey it was .
there was a good bit of confusion on getting onto the bus . . . one of our bags was almost left behind ! we toured around monday in san juan and we thought it was beautiful and wished we had stayed in the san juan area ( which is right at the airport ) .
san juan looked more historic and charming whereas the el conquistador resort looked outdated and way to pricey for what you get . if we returned to puerto rico we would definitely elect to stay in san juan .
we would not recommend that anyone stay at the el conquistador based on quality and price .
bad experience we stayed at the wyndham for a convention .
we did not book the normal hotel , we book the las casitas .
in spanish it means little house .
the casita itself was nice but the service was horrible .
we were supposed to have a butler on call 24 hours a day .
out of 7 days , we saw him upon arrival and once by the pool .
he gave us his cell phone number , but conviently never answered , and i do not mean unreasonable hours , i am talking 2pm .
we were told that if we got our grocery list in by 12pm we would get our groceries the same day .
we wrote a grocery list at 9am .
my sister called and told them she would bring it down , she was told that someone would come to get it .
i went to some meetings and came backat 2pm , the list was never picked up .
i called and was told we would still get our groceries the same day .
needless to say we got our groceries 2 days later with no explanation as to why items were missing . the hotel food is expensive and horrible .
i spent $40 on a seafood pasta that i only ate 2 bites of .
from that point on we cooked our own hamburgers and hotdogs .
the establishment is so far away from everything a cab ride to the closest restaurants runs you about $20- $40 for a 15 minute ride .
they have one club in the hotel .
it is tiny and the music is not pleasant .
this resort is designed for those who want to stay beside the pool and at the hotel 24/7.
once at the hotel you are stuck , because the closest city is san juan and it an hour away ( just imagine the price . if you are young and active this is not the place for you .
if you are a food lover , this is not the place for you . on the last day , we were told to call someone to get our luggage 15 minutes before our departure time .
the las casitas are not in good walking vicinity of the main hotel which means you need a bellman to help with your luggage .
i called 1 hour and 15 minutes before our check out time .
after waiting an hour we started lugging our luggage in the hot sun to the hotel .
after about 5 minutes we were helped .
we missed the main shuttle to the airport and had to plead to get on a secondary shuttle .
the airport is an hour away , and we almost missed our flight because of their tardiness .
i paid way to much for the las casitas for the service to be so bad .
avoid this place unless you want to stay on the hotel grounds with nothing to do except the beach and the casino and if you do not care about good food .
bad experiance during and after checkout i stayed in this hotel from october 17-23, 2008.
i was attending a scientific meeting and had booked my stay using office credit card .
initially i had given my personal credit card for booking the room .
during the check out i requested them to charge the lodging to my office credit card which they did .
however , when i received my statement from my personal credit card , i found they had charged 2 days of lodging my personal credit card too .
i tried to call wydham rio mar but the people from accounting never bother to answer .
i called my credit card company to place that charge as disputed and am still waiting for wyndham rio mar to call me back .
so far they have not responded .
it is shame that such a big hotel has problem responding to real complaints .
bad for families if you have already booked your stay , be sure you read this below . we took our 3 kids to this hotel on a family get away .
here are some things you wo not be told or know till you get to the property :1.
the shuttle service costs $60 per person round trip regardless of where you go ( ie , to  from the airport , 10 minutes to the grocery store , etc ) .
if you choose to rent a car be very careful as the locals do not use signals and make turns across lanes in front of other drivers3.
the restaurant prices are off the charts .
do not go by the menus on the web site , they are old and out of date .
expect to pay $100+ per meal and that 's sharing dishes .
all cocktails by the pool are $9, beer is $4, personal pizza is $20, etc .4.
the free breakfast included in the escape package does not include gratuity .
you will get be charged unless you go down to the front desk and point it out .
also children do not eat free , that is a very broad statement on their website .
only kids age 4 and under are allowed to eat free .
they say under the age of 5 and in puerto rico that means , 5 does not count .5.
the beach surf is dangerous and deadly .
it was either yellow or red flag the entire time (6 days ) .
the rip tide in the area is bad and they even have signs posted on how to swim out of rip tides .
there are no life guards on duty and it is swim at your own risk .
we witnessed a man save a woman and her son in a rip tide while hotel personnel watched ! !
i was incredulous that they did not help .
their excuse was simply we are not supposed to .5.
the pool area is not family friendly .
the adults do not choose to stay in the adult pool and will play in the area that is supposed to be designated for kids .
if you worry about scantily clad individuals or pda , beware .6.
you cannot bring food from your room to the pool area .
so those pbj sandwiches by the pool are a big no - no .
we were dressed down by a worker ( the spanish lesson teacher ) in front of our children for eating by the towel shack , she said if a manager saw you , you guys would be in big trouble , you can only eat food you 've purchased from our restaurants .7.
their accounting system has difficulty identifying different forms of payment .
ie . , if you use a company credit card to reserve the hotel but another for incidental charges , you 'll probably see the charges show up on the wrong card .8.
the hotel does not designate non - smoking in the hallways , so no matter where you go , the hotel hallways have a bad odor .9.
the staff in the hotel are hit and miss - one minute you are talking with andra , who by the way is awesome , and the next you are dealing with a rude operator on the phone who does not speak english .
over all the hotel staff are lazy and are not willing to go above and beyond for their guests .
very not great we left old san juan looking for a relaxing time at the beach .
what we found was nothing special at the rio mar .
really , this hotel could be anywhere in the us ; there 's no puerto rican personality at all , yet you feel a little like you 're in europe , because your dollar does not go very far .
if you 're looking for a vacation experience that does not involve hundreds of insurance salespeople from nebraska having a meeting , or dozens of loud children in the restaurants , i suggest staying in a more sophisticated location in old san juan .
this place absolutely lacks soul - - drab colors , huge lobbies that make you feel like you 're waiting for an amtrak and architecture that can only be described as suburban mallesque .
the worst is the food .
if you love applebees and red lobster , even you will be extremely disappointed .
we were there four nights and did not have even one above average meal - -most were really terrible .
on an island known for its incredible coffee , the stuff at this hotel is served luke warm and weak as tea .
its hot food is cold ; its salad greens are brown and there 's no local specialties on the menu ( unless you think tuna wraps and chicken wings are puerto rican ) .
at night , instead of people drifting outside to walk along the ocean or talk by the pool , the in - house casino ramps up and sucks all of the previously mentioned sales people in .
if you want a bland beach resort , go to ft . lauderdale .
if you 're pretending to expose your children to an exotic environment without risk , go to epcot center .
if you want to experience the great food , wonderful sights , and gracious people of puerto rico , stay in old san juan .
loosing it 's charm for years we 've been enjoying the rio mar resort seasonally .
our favorite time of the year is february , although we also love the ocean during the summer .
we are very dissapointed at wyndham 's new administration of the resort .
they have spent millions refurbishing and remodeling the casino and some areas at the hotel , but have spent little else at the resort .
the golf courses are very badly kept compared with the previous administration .
the tennis center , once renowned , receives no upkeep and the roads leading to it are filled with potholes .
i heard wyndham is planning on building over 800 time - share units at the resort .
to do that , they will significantly alter and shorten the golf courses and will eliminate the entire tennis center !
management at the hotel and a 7th floor presentation of the wyndham vacation club ownership confirmed these plans to us .
we were so dissapointed !
the resort is not only loosing it 's charm already , but it is on the way of practical extinction as we know it and towards a very unattractive concept .
the food has not improved and is even pricier now .
parking is still scarce ( has always been a problem ) and also expensive .
the ammenities in general are less than before while prices are not to par with offerings .
also , they are building huge beachfront projects that have already taken away most of the views to the ocean and the natural landscape is rapidly dissapearing .
what a pity !
good - with some caveats the resort was beautiful and the room was comfortable and clean .
the beach was fantastic which was a good thing because the pool was too crowded to enjoy .
apparently , there was a medical conference booked at the same time and all attendees brought family members .
unfortunately , this left the pool packed wall to wall .
another downside to the medical conference was that it was made clear by the staff that the attendees of the conference were more important than the regular guests .
for example , there are suppose to be 6 plus restaurants available to dine at .
when we called to make reservations for saturday night , we were told that since the conference attendees were going to be off sight that night , the resort was closing 3 of its restaurants .
we were upset because we had already eaten at the remaining open restaurants on prior nights .
i believe that advanced notice would have been nice so that we could have adjusted our dining selections based on availabilty .
it turned out that we had to eat at the same restaurant three times .
the food was good , but it would have been nice to try othere restaurants . another major downside was room service .
we ordered it for breakfast every day and there was always a problem every day . aside from that , the staff is curteous and friendly .
the beach was gorgeous , but beware of the locals hanging out in the bushes if you walk too far away from the resort . i would recommend this resort for people with families , but not really good for couples .
would never go again we have just returned from our trip to puerto rico .
we stayed at the westin rio del mar .
the hotel itself is very beautiful .
the service was very slow and the food was very very expensive .
we have never experienced prices like that .
for example the buffet breakfast was $23.00 per person .
since the hotel is somewhat secluded you did not have any option but to eat at their resortall of the rooms are beautiful and were to have an ocean or a mountain view with a patio with furniture to sit and have your morning coffee .
we had a mountain view , but we also were at the same level as the roof that had an air conditioner blasting away and workman cleaning up garbage .
we paid $300.00 per night to listen to the air conditioner and watch men clean uo garbage .
we could not even open our curtains . we also had an adjoining room .
there was a large gap under the door so we could hear people next door sneezing loud enough to say god bless you and whether or not they should shower or just go to bed .
we tried to get another room , but to no avail .
the other guests in our party had ocean views . we were very disappointed and would never go there again .
westin rio mar - average at best my husband and i recently returned from a 1 week stay at westin rio mar .
my husband had a 4 day conference and we stayed on for 3 vacation days .
because it was for a conference , we did not have a choice in staying there .
based on reviews here , the location and the amenities offered , i honestly would not have selected this resort and after a 1 week stay , i would not recommend this resort to others . first things first , many people have stated and people still seem to be surprised so i will repeat it , the resort is a 30 minute drive from san juan and it can take up to 1 hour if there is traffic .
if you do not rent a car , you will be stuck at the resort and subject to poor service and average , overpriced food .
the positives : - i found the concierge helpful , particularly with off - site restaurant recommendations , the common areas of the resort are nice and i enjoyed the quiet pool .
the gym has decent equipment and the preplaced towel and water bottle at each machine is a nice touch .
staff in the gym and spa were helpful and attentive .
i had a swedish massage and thought it was great .
while i was not particularly impressed with the beach , others in our group did enjoy it .
it was particularly windy while we were there and the red flags , indicating rough/dangerous water , were up most of the time .
the negatives - maybe i have not noticed this at other resorts - but the $39/day resort service fee seemed a bit steep , particularly when you still have to pay for golf , tennis , spa treatments and excursions as well as the $30 room tax .
we did not have a problem getting reservations the 2 times we ate dinner at palio 's and aqualuna .
we thought the food was average and the pricing was okay at these restaurants .
service was slow and not particulary attentive .
service was particulary bad/slow/inattentive and i did have a problem with food quality , selection and pricing at marbella and club coqui .
marbella 's is the restaurant that serves breakfast and the staff really push the buffet , which i found to be average .
the a la carte menu has a decent selection of standard breakfast items - but seriously , $6.00 for a small bowl of oatmeal ? ? $4.00 for 1 dannon yogurt ? ? $5.50 for a bowl of cornflakes ? ?
we had to repeatedly ask for drinks it was not unusual to wait at least an hour for our food to be served after we had ordered at coqui or by the pool .
i was willing to overlook the negatives listed above , until the real negative emerged .
the one that still grosses me out and was the absolute deal breaker for me is that there are in fact bed bugs .
i had read about this in advance , but did not believe until several people in our group had to be moved to other rooms and the hotel began to exterminate .
unfortunately , on the last morning of our trip , my husband and i both woke up covered in bites .
i 've never had this happentwo years ago , i stayed at the wyndham el conquistador , which is about 20 minutes further on rt .3.
it was it 's drawbacks - it 's huge , requires a funicular to get to different areas of the resort and the beach is a ferry ride away , but i wouldrecommend the el conquistador over the westin for sure .
expensive and not so safe .
we just came back from a conference in pr .
many people stayed at the hotel , some at the villas which are considered separate from the hotel .
the westin is pretty standard , what would you would expect .
there were some general complaints from the attendees i thought i would relate .
first , there is a daily $40.00 resort fee that is tacked on to the hotel rate , which most people thought was little high .
they charged $10.00 for a pina colada .
compared to the rest of the island , this is very expensive .
a glass of orange juice cost $5.50.
interestingly , despite charging a resort fee , there are signs stating swim in the ocean at your own risk .
there was a lifeguard stationed at the beach daily but clearly was just there for show .
i know this because , i experienced a near - drowing incident while there .
i 'm a fairly strong swimmer but got caught in the waves ; i yelled for help repeatedly but the lifeguard was too busy staring at the sand , and was not sitting in the designated lifeguard chair ; elevated , he might have noticed my distress .
fortunately , i managed to get to the shore but my situation could have ended badly .
i told the manager about the incident , but the days following , i noticed that the lifeguards showed little interest in watching the water .
comparatively the ocean villas were much nicer and with the availability of te kitchen , i thought was a much better deal .
the rates for these are as quoted and no hidden charges upon checking out .
unfortunately , this resort is very far from town and the airport ( $60.00 to airport , $80.00 one way to town ) .
we went to old san juan our last night , and realized it would have been nicer to be near old san juan with the multitude of restaurants , shops and cafes ; very quaint .
if you stay on the resort , you have little choice but to pay the exorbitant prices without a great deal of luxury which makes this hotel in my opinion overrated .
do not waste your time and money take every bad thing you 've read on here about this hotel and put it all together and that would equal the week i just spent at the westin rio mar with my family .
yes we had read the reviews , but because the hotel was free ( we were orginally staying at the hyatt but because it 's being renovated they paid for us to stay here , we should have just stayed home ) we decided to go through with it .
bad idea .
the beach /pool is nice and well kept , as well as the rooms .
however , 4 of 7 days we did not have maid service before 5pm and had to call for it .
i understand that this was their busiest week of the year , but it 's not like it 's the first time it 's been the busiest week of the year .
we had called in advance for christmas eve and christmas dinner reservations , not being told that we needed to book for the rest of the week , we were out of luck at eating at the resort because everything was booked .
we were sent to don pepe 's one night . . . dont go .
not only was the service and food awful , the place is a dump , and to top it off we were attacked by dogs and ally cats on the way out . the hotel staff while at first seems helpful , they will stop mid conversation and begin to go do something else before finishing up with you .
the weather last week was not great , which is obviously not anything that can be controlled , but i believe because of where it is on the island that is why we experienced so much rain .
we met a young man on the plane on the way home who had actually stayed at the hyatt villas and said they had 1 hour of rain the whole week , i 've traveled all over europe , the carribean , and the us and this is the one place i can say i will never return .
the hotel is not the equivalent of many westins i have stayed in , mediocre at best .
please feel free to contact me if you 'd like specific questions answered before booking this hotel .
2 words bed bugs !
i thought this one one of the nicest hotels for a long weekend away from nyc . . . not too far and you could catch a flight late friday night to get there .
the service was great , the room , beach and food were lovely but the last two nights i noticed bites on my body . . . . . . thought it was mosquito bites . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
i was wrong bed bug bites ! ! ! talk about a heavenly bed ! ! ! with bites to go with it ! ! ! wish i read the trip advisor reviews before we went . . . .beware of bed bugs at the westin rio mar ! ! !
westin del mar - budget buster .
watch your wallett ! ! .
this hotel has an amazing ability to to empty it in a hurry .
the room rates you see posted are just the base rates .
there are atleast 4 other surchrges attached to it , such as tourist tax , maid tax , service charges ( even if you do not need any service ) , sales tax etc which swell the amount you actually pay by atleast 3o% .
the restaurants serve mediocre fare by indiffrent waiters .
indifference is the prevailing attitude everywhere starting at registration .
they know that you are stuck with them the moment you arrive and they can get away with treating you badly since you cannot leave and go to the hotel next door since there is nothing next door .
the strange system of unloading your bags from the car or the shuttle needlessly delays you at the registration after a tiring journey .
the concierge charges you for any transportation he/she arranges such as a local restaurant and if you are not careful , the shuttle driver charges you again for the same service - a shameless act of double dipping .
scrutinize every item on your bill .
this hotel is for rich folks who do not mind these attempts at stealing .
tourists on a budget should avoid it in spite of its good location and private beach access .
it looks like a westin , but it does not feel like a westin beware : if you are used to good service , avoid at all costs ! an idea of what we 're used to : aman resorts , four seasons , ritz - carlton , grace bay club , other westinswe were expecting this level of service and food and decor and we were sorely disappointed on all counts except decor . the natural beauty was lovely and the hotel lobby was nice . check - in was smooth , but our room was a freezing 65 degrees when we got there and we could not see the ocean from our ocean - view room .
service at every restaurant visited was sometimes friendly and consistently bad , with the exception of the grill room , which did have pretty good service but the food was mediocre at best , and was way over - priced . in general , the worst thing about the hotel is that the food is not good and it 's not cheap .
i suppose the prices are standard for a westin , but the quality was way sub - par .
i want to see healthy sandwiches , fresh innovative salads , warm food at the breakfast buffet , interesting and creative entrees that utilize fresh , local ingredients and that at least taste decent . . . . . please , i just got home yesterday and i ca not wait to eat my own food , not another mediocre , greasy or overcooked or bland meal ! ! poolside . . . .hamburgers and boring sandwiches that come to you in a styrofoam box !
and do not think that food is coming quickly , give yourself 1 to 2 hours to wait ! ! ! palios . . . . . bland salads with bottled dressing on the side !
greasy and yet somehow tasteless pasta , where a waiter actually recommended korbel as their so - called champagne ! !
i almost ran when i heard that ! shimas . . . . a joke all - around . . . .over - cooked , again tastes like sauces are from a bottle , a menu that will bore you to tears , ridiculously poor service ! acqua luna . . . .decent food and fun , nice ambience but we did not know who our waiter was until he gave us the check !
and the real treat is marbella . . . . . . . worst breakfast buffet i 've ever seen . . . .the hot food actually comes out cold ! and do not expect anyone to be sympathetic to your plight . . . .you know , cold pancakes with corn syrup , un - ripe fruit , bland bagels , nobody even notices you have been seated , and when they do , they still ignore you . . . .no , no , no management in the restaurant will be quite upset with you if you complain . . . . . well , what was the problem today maam ? !after complaining about these and many other detail type things , we received a room upgrade , which made our stay much more pleasant as the view was truly beautiful . . . . . (and i hate to say it , but it was noisy ) but the list is ever so long of things that ticked us off : rude management at the pool , unprofessional staff in general , late house - keeping service , embarrasingly bad wine lists , over - crowded , noisy , noisy , noisy , loud - speakers at the pool along with really bad music , dirty public restrooms , rude hostesses , a shower that has low pressure and is often cold , the hotel has that club - med kind of cheezy , trying to be fancy but not quite cutting it feel ( and the clientel to go with it ) . . .if the westin is going in this direction , they better cut the prices and change their name ! these may sound like petty complaints but at those prices , i do not wish to feel like i am part of a cattle herd ! !if you are looking for serene or elegant , do not bother . if you are looking for fine cuisine and excellent service , do not go to the westin rio mar ! if you are expecting to find your needs anticipated and to feel pampered and special , go elsewhere ! !in essence , it seems their goal is to herd in as many people as possible and get them to spend as much as possible .
it is a reactive - service oriented hotel , where complaining gets you upgrades , comped meals , etc but there is no apparent effort whatsoever to make things luxurious or wonderful for the guests without the guests specifically complaining about things ! i would never return to the westin rio mar and discerning guests are advised to avoid it if at all possible ! with 2 small children , all i wanted was to feel pampered and relaxed and really taken care of ( especially when spending thousands and thousands of dollars ) but what i got was stress and waiting and insults and chasing pool servers !
good but some problems the resort is beautiful but they are lacking in managment .
musty smell which caused sinus problems , could be cleaner , make reservations for dinner because it gets booked fast and there are not alot of other options that are good .
the tiki huts by the beach are good and the marabella is also good if you dont have a reservation .
the parot club in old san juan is excellent clean , good service , and great food !
landscaping is gorgeous !
rent your own car alot easier to travel than taking the excursions .
the rainforest is right across the street and you can pay $3 a person versus the $40 with the excursion .
if you go to the rainforest if you stop to eat eat at the resturaunt at the top where the hamburgers are .
another plus is you get unlimited amounts of bottled water during your stay .
but the conceirge floor needed to be monitered alot more people from all over the resort were in the room .
if you ahve teenage children there isnt much to do for their age .
they have to be young kids to participate in the activities or 18 to be able to go to the casino or bars .
i would take this trip again because it is a good get away but you dont get what you pay for at that hotel .
if you like having no choice in food or fun , this is your place my husband booked the westin rio mar in the beginning of august as a last hurrah for summer .
upon arriving , we had to wait approximately 3 hours for a room ( which offered a view of the air conditioning unit for the hotel ) .
we asked the bellman to help , and he did .
we were then given an ocean - view room on the 6th floor , supposedly newly renovated .
there was a large mildew spot above the toilet ( on the ceiling ) , there were numerous stains on the duvet ( looked like blood - totally disgusting ) and the bathroom smelled like it needed a good cleaning with some actual cleaners .
okay , not a great start .
my husband and i decided to go to dinner at club coqui .
typical summer/poolside fare .
was not too bad .
breakfast buffet was much better .
dinner the next day was at marbella - i was sick the rest of the night .
there were fruit flies attacking our food , but we did not have a choice .
nothing else seemed to be open .
what else was disappointing : one outside pool was closed all but one day we were there , one of the restaurants has closed ( the only one with authentic puerto rican food ) but the hotel lobby still advertises for it , you ca not get anywhere outside of the resort unless you want to pay big bucks .
$30 to go to the nearest grocery store .
the poolside grill is closed and they were bulldozing the area and the beach around it .
just what i wanted to hear : bulldozers at the beach !
all in all , i did not like the vacation and would not go back .
my husband just wanted to snorkel , and did enjoy some of that .
warning : people who rent the wave runners will play chicken with the swimmers and not care how close they are to the shore .
the water was bath - water warm and the constant breeze made the weather totally enjoyable .
i , for one , like to be able to explore where i vacation , and here the only thing you can explore is the westin .
wo not go back we (2 couples ) were excited to stay here expecting a quiet beach resort vacation until we arrived and found the lobby full of conventioneers and the beach and pool relatively uninviting .
there was little that was warm or welcoming about the hotel .
our rooms overlooked a cement wall .
while the staff at the front desk seemed to try to be helpful in changing our rooms , they would disappear for 15-20 minutes at a time behind the closed door before they would return with an answer , which was to come back later .
we wasted entirely too much time trying to get our rooms changed .
we finally ( after 2 nights ) checked out and went to the ponce hilton which was wonderful .
the beds were the best thing about the westin .
they need help why do we bother with the transfers ?
we sat on the bus for 45 minutes waiting for other flights to arrive .
there is no saving when taking transfer options .
i 'll take a cab next time and avoid the extra wait time and crowding . changed rooms twice , did not care for the garage view . the rooms definitely need an overhaul , especially the bathrooms .
i 'm all for conservation ( leave the card on the bed , if you would like your sheets changed ) ok , i do not change my sheets at home everyday .
by day three i was ready ( air conditioning was not great ) .
left card on bed for the next few nights .
maybe someone should explain the card to maid service . restaurant reviews : palio - italian wannabe ( but at least the service was good ) they really enjoy making special coffees . shima - asian fare - food was good , probably our favorite at the resortmarbella - never tried it for dinner since we had breakfast there oncecactus jack - tex mex - just okclub coqui - for lunch was fine , they should be commended for having the best wait staffajili mojili - cute place but the food was terriblethe grille - steak and seafood - over priced but that 's what you expect on vacation .
food was ok , but service was impossible . service was also limited in the pool area and at the one and only lounge .
the waiters and waitresses were clearly visible , but i 'm not sure what they were doing . the casino was typical for a caribbean resort . could be a great place because the hotel is beautiful .
maybe new chefs and restaurant managers ?
bad start  we just returned from four days and three nights at the westin , having shortened our luxurious stay at el convento in order to find more kid - friendly activities for our 2 year old .
the beginning and ending were real problems because of the poor management and the quality of the facility ; however , the middle of our stay was pleasant .
all in all , we can?? recommend the westin unless you pay less than $150 a night and leave your expectations about quality management at home . before our bellboy could bring our luggage fully into the room , my wife touched the ac controls and walked away toward our daughter .
behind her , a heavy steel venting door detached from the wall and came crashing down on her leg , narrowly missing our child and seriously bruising my wife?? leg in two places .
the management?? immediate response ?
they moved us to a similar room but in a construction zone , offered her a doctor to see and left us an ice pack and bandage .
that would have been the end of it from their standpoint if we hadn?? called the manager , cliff hernandez , and asked him if the hotel had a policy of doing anything more for the guests they injured .
cliff wanted to get back to us with a response .
for days we waited .
upon check - out we called again only to learn that cliff was out that day but left word to relieve our bill of two of the miserable and high - priced meals we were trapped into at two of the westin?? three restaurants .
we read the note he left on the screen for the subordinate : ??ive them two free meals and , if necessary , something else . ? ? the subordinate quickly closed the screen and she deemed nothing else necessary .
we could wait to see someone else , she said , but we?? already enjoyed enough insult for one injury . big deal ?
for the money and the supposed 4- star westin fanfare , yes .
( you??e bombarded with westin commercials for their world - reknowned greatness . )
the beach is long and lovely .
the pools are what you?? expect .
the casino is small and ordinary .
the food is below average and??s you?? expect in an isolated resort where price - gauging is possible??ery expensive ( e . g . , $25 entrees at the mid - priced restaurant ) .
the service is generally spotty and occasionally rough .
the front desk workers are slow and few .
the single beach bar closes at 5. lifeguards come on and off at odd times , literally raising red flags to cover their absences .
the fitness center and spa were??gain like so many places that just have to say they offer them now??emote , unappealing or being renovated .
and for such a huge , self - contained location , there is almost no music , no festivity , no dancing and no soul .
the issue usually comes down to the price of these look - alike vacations and the caliber of the management , particularly when something goes wrong .
the westin had no policy , no answer , inadequate courtesy and , ultimately , no class .
we were simply put off , which is not what we paid a small fortune for .
you can do better at fajardo not much farther away with the same amenities or seek the same rates closer to the city at more reputable chains such as the ritz or the wyndham hotels .
not 4 stars musty rooms , my balcony was not covered .
rained 3 days straight and my sliding door leaked .
was met in the pool by iquanas who jumped in and did god knows what . .overpriced bars with 8 dollar beers .
did not take long to rack up 1000 there .
small casino with unfriendly dealers .
overall rated poor ,  
not a 4 star we have been traveling to pr every year for 4 years .
this was our first time at the westin .
it was not bad but it was not the 4 stars .
we stayed at the wyndham el conquistador which is also a 4 star and it was so much nicer .
the rooms at the westin were musty .
we paid extra for an ocean view and the first room they gave us was not that .
the second room you could see the ocean from the corner of the balcony .
we rented a car and ate in fajaro in a place called the brass cactus .
it was good and less expensive . the pool and beach were crowded because it was a popular week .
the front desk staff was nice to us but they were extremely rude to the people next to us . the bell staff was amazing .
the airlines lost my luggage and they called them every few hours to check on it for me .
they kept me updated and delivered my bag to my room when it arrived from the airport . we would not return to the westin .
there are just too many nicer places .
the second half of our trip we stayed in isle verde at a courtyard by marriott and liked it better even though it was only 3 stars . i think from reading the reviews that it really matters when you travel .
if it is a peak time then you may not want to stay here because it is crowded and they use all the rooms even the musty smelling ones .
also they are probably a lot more attentive on the off times .
would not go there i read all the reviews after i had booked my trip - they all correct :1.
food - lousy and expensive2.
room - decent3.
beach - excellent sea but i was bitten by bugs everyday on the beach .
the sand is brown not white4.
staff - generally goodoverall - i would not go back .
we spent $25 per person for horrendous food .
choose a better place to stay there 
so - so stay an interesting experience at the westin rio mar .
first and foremost , the bell staff , shuttle staff and valet staff were awesome !
no complaints !
the hotel , however , left a lot to be desired .
to begin , i was reserved for double beds , traveling with my sister - booked into a king .
called for a roll - a - way , charged $35/night , although it was the hotel 's error .
( nobody ever advised there was a pull - out sofa in the room until i disputed the charge ) .
the main causal restaurant in the hotel was a great deal for lunch , but a total ripoff for dinner .
they have buffet style , at almost $24, and the food was not even that good .
we were seated outside where we were annoyed by stray cats and eaten alive by ants .
the other restaurant we tried , cactus jacks , was a better value and the food was pretty good .
try the fajitas . . . but ask that they do not heat the skillet to the temperature of the sun .
the casino has some of the tightest slots i 've ever seen .
save your money for the tables .
the concierge team was wonderful , but their directions are not .
we asked for driving directions to bicardi rum factory and drove around in the vicinity for 30 minutes before giving up .
also , the business center did not open as scheduled .
it 's a fair hotel , and far from the airport . . about 40 minute drive with no traffic .
unless you want to get away from it all , stay closer to old san juan . . . thank me later .
paradisus review i had previously reviewed the paradisus punta cana and was critical of my stay there .
i am not going to review the resort again .
however i observed that any negative reviews are always marked as not helpful ( go back and see for yourself ) .
i can only assume the resort is trying to unfairly denounce negative reviews .
this is part of the problem with this resort - instead of trying to listen to constructive critism and make improvements , they would rather make anyone writing a negative review look like it is either poorly written or does not give very good information .
makes you wonder .
for this reason , i do not see any improvements being made to the resort .
would not return we were disappointed at what we saw .
the pictures online were totally different .
the pictures online are pictures of the reserve .
we were greeted by a vacation concierge .
the next day we found out what that meant .
the day we arrived , we were checked in which was a smooth process , then had to sit in the lobby so the vacation concierge can go over a few things with us .
basically to explain how the restaurants operate .
once that was done , off we went to our rooms .
the rooms were okay but definitely not 4, 4 1/2 or 5 star quality .
vacation concierge tells you to meet him for a 90 minute presentation about the vacation club .
the vacation club is the reserve which is on the other side and is very nice .
the reserve are the pictures you see online .
you have to be a member to stay on this side .
we all went at different times and were quoted different prices ( $56,000, $38,000, etc . ) .
we did receive a $100 voucher for attending .
the restaurants - that was a joke .
if you are a member at the reserve , you are guaranteed a spot .
if not a member , reservations go fast and you are stuck with eating at the buffet spot .
trying to get a good meal was a challenge and very frustrating .
perks and headaches - the first night after returning from dinner , we all received a note ( except one couple ) to pick up vouchers from the front desk .
we all received vouchers for wine , dinner at gabi ( which is a very nice restaurant on the reserve side ) , spa for 2 and casino vouchers .
so the next morning , the ladies went to the front desk to obtain the same vouchers for the couple who did not receive them .
i had to get real ugly trying to prove they were a part of our group .
luckily i brought the receipt with everyone 's name and amount .
once i provided that , they took it in the back then came out realizing they messed up on our spa vouchers .
it appears they are only keeping the paradisus part open so they can trick folks into coming then try and sell them on the reserve side .
we were with a fun group so we made the best out of it and had a great time .
stay away !
we arrived at the paradisus punta cana resort with high expectations .
last year we stayed at the paradisus in rivera maya mexico and had a wonderful time .
we were three couples .
one couple was promised a vip room and the other two were promised either the same building or one close to it .
the first room we were given was horrible .
we were all separated and each room had a very horrible smell of cleaning liquids ( i think ) - certainly not vip .
we moved within an hour into buildings far from the restaurant and beach area .
we were supposed to be located close to each .
we were then promised we could move the following day closer to the beach .
they claimed that they put us on the list for the room change . the day of the change we verified if we were on a list and told yes .
come back at 3 pm and it will be taken care of .
lo and behold we come back and are not on the list .
it took 2 hours before we could move .
the rooms we were given were not adequate nor close to the beach or vip as promised .
after an hour we finally received decent rooms but not before a lot of fighting and arguing . take note that this hotel does not cater to the american traveler .
they do not speak english unless the answer is no or involves money .
they are quick to take the all mighty dollar but also very quick to say no .
they do cater to the spanish visitor . pool and beachboth the pool and beach were wonderful saving the paradisus a terrible rating .
the beach water is clean and blue while the pool even though warm was pretty and large .
there were plenty of beach chairs and huts and the same goes for the pool .
there were people who left their empty drink cups on the pool edge and even in the pool but the staff did clean up .
towels were supposed to be ready by 8am and were never available until at least 10am .
using your towel card you were only allotted one towel .
when we arrived to ask for towels at 8 we were always told uno momento , that is their favorite phrase .
they were always lying to the guests .
if you asked for additional towels they would say no .
we were forced to take dirty towels from their towel bin and returned them for clean towels .
this way we were able to accumulate enough cards for the number of towels we needed .
they force you into being liars just like they are . grounds - they are well manicured and nicetransportation - you need a tram to get around .
they are not totally reliable .
one night we got out of the restaurant area around 11pm and waited 1/2 hour for a tram .
i called the office to be told uno momento .
after 15 minutes i called again and told another uno momento .
i told them we had a medical emergency and they will be sued unless we got a tram immediately - they responded within moments .
again , we were forced to lie . restaurants - many restaurants were closed for dinner including 3 nights in a row the buffet restaurant which should always be opened as a just in case .
most of the open restaurants required reservations which are nearly imposible to get and you are limited to the remaining open restaurants .
it was so bad one night that both the seafood and steak restaurant as well as buffet were all closed the same night , giving very little choice as to where to go .
the first day at the hotel we booked restuarants including the fuego twice .
we went there only to be told it was closed for the week .
we were left with nothing after dressing for dinner .
again lies from the staff .
you could never get a straight answer from anyone .
the quality of the food was very uneven for the same restaurant .
one night the food could be good the next not very good .
i would not recommend the japaneese or chineese restaurants but would recommend the french ( lamb chops ) , seafood ( very good shrimp appetizer , steak ( tenderloin ) and italian restaurants .
however beware of the service .
at the seafood restaurant it took over an hour to get my soup .
they delivered 5 of the 6 main courses and would have forgotten all about thge last main dish if i did not go back to the kitchen and was forced at yelling at them .
finally , i got some action .
they were totally disorganized .
at the italian restaurant , 5 of 6 meals were delivered .
each time i aske about the last meal i was told uno momento .
it took 45 minutes for the last meal to arrive .
generally lousy service . breakfast and lunch buffets were fine ( i guess when you serve yourself you have less problems ) .housekeeping - i had to call every night for extra towels and the bar to be restocked .
terrible housekeeping .
once when i called for extra towals i was asked how many people in the room and why i needed them - how insulting .
please note that we were told by the beach towel folks to bring our room towels . our room was bug free but the other two rooms were crawling with ants and nothing was done to stem the ants . wake up calls - i set the clock to my verizon phone .
every day the wake up call was 15 minutes late .
we asked why and they had the audacity to say they had the correct time .
i could go on but the service was terrible .
we travel at least once and year and have been doing so for years - this was the worst service i ever experienced .
the staff did not care at all about the guests .
constantly lied to ( i went to the public relations desk and asked if the us newspapers arrived yet - which are 1 foot from his desk .
i was told no .
i look and there are the newspapers ) they will yes you and do nothing .
unwilling to give on any issue .
its their way or no way . i will never go back to this paradisus nor recommend it to anyone .
there are so many other islands and hotels to choose from that i do not have to accept their treatment .
incidentally , i spoke to many other us citizens who interestingly enough had the exact same feelings as me .
i would have questioned if it was just me but after speaking with others i knew this was a consistent issue with this hotel . i will not mention names of those who were very uncooperative but there were a couple of employees who were helpful and again saved the rating from being terrible .
was not impressed ontario canada paradisus punta canawe were not impressed with our resort .
we arrived on feb 16 08and stayed till mar 01 08.
we arrived late about 11.00 pm and was booked in fairly quick .
we went to our room and found it not to bad , till we went to bed , the bed was so hard that we might as well slept on the floor .
the next day we went up to see if we could get upgraded to royal service .
we were told that they were all full .
they told us to come back and check on wed , ( i would have thought they would contact us but no . )
my husband and our friend went to check and they had 2 rooms avaliable for a fee of 170.00 extra per night ( total of $2600.00
u . s for 2 people ) .
we both took the room hoping for better rooms .
we were moved to unit 19 on the bottom floor 1194.
our friends were moved to unit 25 , 2nd floor 2255.
we had 2 double beds put to - gether ( huge ) nice thick matterss , so we thought it was worth it to get a better bed for 2 weeks .
wrong the 2nd night in the bed my husband got bit about 50 times , the bites swelled and got infected .
the bites happend under the sheets , the room was damp and musty our bed and pillows were always damp .
we complained so they changed the sheets .
the air conditioner leeked into the bath tub ( they came and fixed it , next night the air conditioner leeked in the hallway to the bathroom all over the floor , my husband got up about 6.30 am to go to the washroom slipped in the dark and pretty near broke his neck .
they came back and fixed it again .
we complained about the bugs , wet beds , damp musty room .
my husband had to go to the clinic for the bites , they said the bites where from mosqutios , but we did not have but a few in our room , the doctor gave him 2 needles in the butt the first visit plus 2 differnt types of cream the first visit , the next visit another needle and a cleanser .
the doctor was exellent but we know that they were bed bug bites .
he was told not to go in the sun or in the water ( what were we there for . )
however we found the food to be not to bad have had a lot better , the grounds were beautifull although there was a lot of swamp area around . we complained to royal services about everything and 2 days before we left they moved us again into the new part called the reserve where they tried to sell us timeshare .
i would say a quarter of our time was spent moving , going to doctor , waiting to get things fixed in our room .
i would never go back to this resort .
we have been to punta cana 3 times before and never had these problems at the other resorts .
no royal treatment we traveled to paradisus punta cana for our honeymoon in january .
we booked an oceanfront room with royal service .
we were told that we would be waited on hand and foot only to be very disappointed time and again , even though generous tips were given to the employees .
we were supposed to have a personal butler to take care of all our needs including filling our mini bar with personalized contents .
my husband and i went to the office several times to request items that were never brought to our room .
our last night there , we had them prepare a jacuzzi ( which was part of our royal serivce ) and had asked for champagne to be delivered .
we arrived back to the room only to find our key no longer worked and then after walking back to the office to change the key , found that they had prepared the jacuzzi but there was no champagne .
this was typical of the service we received all week .
the bartenders were very nice but the drinks were all watered down and weak .
also , there was not much to speak of for night life around the resort either .
the staff was friendly and respectful , just not very helpful .
beautiful resort , but very overcrowded .
no secluded places for couples even though we were in a special area for royal service guests where it was supposed to be adults only .
this last point may not matter to some , but we would not have chosen this resort or beach had we been told by our travel agent that it was a top optional beach .
extremely expensive and not worth it .
great ! maybe . . . again the paradisus punta cana resort was beautiful .
me and my wife stayed at the resort from october 14-20, 2007 for our honeymoon .
the sites and service was great .
the all - inclusive package is the way to go .
all food , drinks , room service , nightly shows , and much more was included .
the only problems we had was that our room was wrong when we arrived .
we asked for one king bed and recieved two full beds .
we just pushed them together instead of changing rooms and repacking everything .
also our room had a terrible ant problem .
each day there were ants in the bathroom and if we left room service left overs out , the next morning there would be lots of ants .
other than the ants , everything else went great .
very friendly people and even though the language barrier was a little difficult , the workers knew enough english for us to recieve what we needed or wanted .
the only thing that may hold me back from going again is the language barrier .
beautiful and extravegant place !
nice but would not go back my husband and i stayed at the resort from 4/23-4/28.
first i 'd like to say the resort is very nice and well maintained .
however , it 's huge so be prepared for a lot of walking .
shuttle cars are everywhere as are the fumes .
there are many restaurants to chose from but some require reservations .
we had the royal service ( well worth it ) so reservations were made for us .
the good part : the pool is beautiful , and huge .
swim up bar was really cool .
beach is awesome .
blue water , white sand .
because we had royal service , we had our own vip lounge ( for all royal service guests ) .
wonderful pastries , appetizers , breakfast and drinks served everyday at the lounge .
free internet service , staff very pleasant and accomodating .
room service was wonderful . not so good : if you do not speak spanish , sometimes it can become frustrating to communicate with staff .
most of the maids do not speak english .
i speak some spanish so that saved some frustration .
parents . . . be prepared for your children to see topless women !
especially on the beach .
ok . . . the bad part : we became very ill toward the end of our stay , major cramps and intestinal problems .
though we only drank bottled water , some of the food or prepared fruit most likely had bacteria on it .
the refridgeration is not very good at the resort so do not expect ice cold bottled or canned drinks ( except at the vip lounge ) .
again , staff were very helpful and friendly but we do not plan to return .
disappointed overall , i was disappointed with the paradisus .
i will break it down between pros and cons , with cons first ( that is a longer list ) cons : food - the food was edible and we didnt try all the restuarants .
the buffets were average at best , with some very funky stuff which i wouldnt touch .
if you want to eat at japanese of french you will need to make reservation immediately or forget it .
chineese we arrived one night at 8 and told there was at least 45 minute wait .
ate at either mexican or italian , mexican good but very limited menu .
must wear pants in mexican for some reason , i didnt know this first night , they sat us outside and we got attacked by mosquoties .
also , met many people who got sick after eating at steak house .
my wife and i still not feeling right and we have been back for 4 days and we didnt really get sick . . . .bugs - speaking of bugs , my first morning i got up , went into bathroom and there was a cockroach in the sink the size of a small child .
also , little ant like things crawling on bathroom counter , someone we met said get rid of plant they have in there , that worked . room service - food not bad but some days it took a lot longer then they promised . keys -
for some reason our keys didnt work one day , the maid let us in then had to wait over an hour for new keys to be delivered . staff - overall pleasant , but asked for a wake up call one morning and never got itdrinks - at some bars , namely the beach bar , mixed drinks tasted like medicine and at lobby bar the bartenders were sloooooooowwwwwwwww and it seemed like we bothered them . there are more little things but i wont bore youpros : the beach is great , clean , water warm and beds to lie on .
pool is also nice . grounds are kept great , quite nice actually .
easy to get around and laid out well . casino fun but watch out for dealers , they have problems countingstaff decent but most speak limited english . overall i will never go back to dominican republic and probably not do another paradisus 
do not go during spring break i hate whiny reviews , but as i use this website alot for vacation planning , i feel obliged to share our experience .
our family went to the paradisus during spring break and our experience was pretty mixed .
the resort was way overcrowded that week , but americans seemed to be the minority , so i 'm not sure how much of this was due to spring break .
it was difficult to get into restaurants that you wanted .
there were alot of scenes of very upset people unable to get into restaurants .
we kept the same grimy beach towels the whole week because every time we went to exchange them , the hotel was out of beach towels .
we had arranged through the hotel to have someone pick us up at the airport and no one came and the hotel had no explanation why and no records of who even was supposed to pick us up .
our room had an adjoining door to the room next door and when the guy next door was on the phone , it sounded like someone was in our room .
my husband had fairly bad stomach trouble for over week during and after our trip .
though the beach was beautiful , and i thought the food and service in the restaurants was pretty good , i would not go back .
we went to the riu negril in jamaica last spring break and had a much better experience for much less money .
dont go there - - - not a 5 star resort !
i totally agree with the person 's review from january 14th .
customer is definitely not a first priority .
they literally could give two craps .
and for what people pay for , it 's a total rip - off .
basic things can not even be met .
it 's sad because it is a gorgeous resort and beautiful beach , but the management is terrible and i personally thought the food was as well , except for the italian .
i 'm never going back there again .
sol melia help this place out !
second worst vaction so far , and i 've had many ! ! !
i have stayed at many resorts all of them being in jamaica so i wanted to try out the beautiful dominican repulic that everyone was raving about .
this hotel is a 5 star ( suposidly ) but i was extremely dissappointed with many aspects .1.
no one spoke english ! ! ! thank goodness we learned how to say milk and beer in spanish otherwise we would have never gotten anything .
2. i brought my 2 1/2 year old daughter because they advertise this to be a family resort yet the kids club was always closed and when it was open ( maybe once ) there was no one there that spoke english tha i would safe leaving my daughter with .
there were no other children there so we opted to swim in the pool .
3. i have stayed at sandals , couples , swept away and even the holiday inn sunspree resort and i would consider this a 1 star in comparison to all of those .
there were no activities organized by the staff , it was an entertain yourself kind of place .
i am into relaxation but fun games by the pool is what most places thrive on .
4. the resort had horseback riding and my daughter loves horses so we wanted to take her .
well , of course they did not offer it on certain days and told me to go check out the adult horseback riding session .
they told me that i can take my daughter on that and hold her .
so then we went to make the resevations for the adult one and again i asked to make sure that i can take my daughter and hold her . . . they confirmed with out a doubt that i can .
after the bus came , picked us up and drove us for about 1/2 hour to the horseback riding place and after waiting 10 minutes the instructor then tells me that i ca not take my daughter because i 'm not a professional horse back rider .
i threw a fit and after all of it he agreed to have the guide take my daughter , that was the nicest part of the trip .5.
restaurants were closed often and they all seemed to open on the last night we were there .
food was ok , the best was the seafood where we had lobster on the beachfront rest .
steak in the one was undercooked and we could not go back to try another night because it was closed .
also , for picky kids be prepared to pay for the kids while having them eat fries for 7 days . . . kids menu was horrible , maybe because there was none .
overall i would not go back to this place nor would i recommend it to anyone .
i have stayed at 5 star resorts and besides the scenery around the grounds , the parrot zoo i have to say i was very dissappointed with this resort .
hey , i was thinking it 's 6 apples resort we ( two couples with 2 year olds ) just got back from paradisus . . . stayed there from 11/21/04-11/28/04.
the check - in personnel was surprisingly helpful .
the rooms were ok in size , but the mattresses and pillows are so old . . . not comfortable at all .
there were no doors into the bathrooms , i guess it 's ok when you are staying with your spouse only , but when you have a kid in the room that is not a great feature .
shower curtains were so ancient . . . it was impossible to use them . the first two days was raining , but then it got nice and warm .
we went to the pool , but unfortunately they were out of beach towels at 10am . . . they told us to come back in an hour , they still did not have the towels until afternoon .
the same thing was happening every day .
i was thinking that 6 apples resort would have no trouble supplying beach towels to it 's customers .
i guess i was wrong . the food was ok . . . big variety , but not the greatest quality .
if you have small kids you might have a problem with food .
the only things are the cereal and yogurt , but how many days your kid can eat that .
if you want to get reservation to french or japanese restaurant you must do it right away when you arrive .
we tried to do it next day , there was nothing available for the whole week .
at last , the day we were leaving , the bellboy service did not pick us up at the right time , we called the service three times , but they screwed up and our bus to airport left without us .
when we asked at the front desk how we are going to get to the airport , they said we have to take taxi and pay for it ourselves .
of course , we had to fight for that since it was totally their fault .
finally , they agreed and gave us a ride to the airport for free .
at last , we were tired and aggravated .
i would not go there again .
maggots in our food what is a vacation if you become sick ?
read as many reviews as possible and for those who have vacationed here who thought so highly of this resort , remember the buffet tables ?
the food sits out all day .
the restaraunts open at 7:00am so the food should be fresh and some foods chilled unless of course it sits out overnight ?
we always arrived at 6:45am to eat as the golf bus left at 7:05am .
i did not clue in until i found maggots in my prunes one morning and after this fear factor incident , i recalled that the fruit was never chilled .
the management placed the blame on the quality controls in the u . s . during import .
the gestation of a maggot is as early as 8 hours in a warm environment .
all i can say is if you have booked and paid . . . good luck .
should not be rated a 5 star !
i just got back from this resort a few days ago .
it is a complete disappointment .
however , the grounds  scenery are absolutely amazing .
you really are in heavy when you arrive at their lobby .
once you take a step towards the check - in area , that 's were the nightmare begins .
when we arrived , the rooms were not ready .
we had barely enough time to get ready for the wedding we had to attend later that day .
my boyfriend had to expedite the check - in process . . . amazingly it worked !
the room they assigned us was picture perfect .
it was a caribbean style junior suite right next to the pool and the beach .
i was within steps away from all the major restaurants and attractions .
once we got settled in we began noticing a few details that were minor at the time .
no toilet paper , no fresh towels etc .
you must know there are at least two power outages per day .
once before dinner and the other during .
you are limited in what you can do when the power is out .
there is not even running water .
when we dined at the restaurants it was like pulling teeth out of a child to get some soft drinks served .
when you try and ask for a manager , no one seems to know the organizational flow .
another hassle was the lack of towels being offered .
they would run out of towels everyday , and you must keep them with you at all times .
i , as well as one of our friends got locked out of our rooms for quite some time .
we had to physically walk to the lobby and demand a new key that was functional .
make sure you take everything you will need . . . .the boutique is a rip off .
they were selling regular wal - mart beach bags for $64 usd not pesos , a chap stick cost me almost $5 usd .
there is no micro - management there , if you have a problem with one of the employees you are better off working around that problem then seeking to resolve it .
the most amusing part of the whole trip was how fast we managed to check out and leave for the airport without any problems whatsoever !
just do not expect a 5 star treatment !
caveat emptor ! ! just returned from paradisus punta cana and would not go back .
we were with a group of people and half of us got sick sometime during the week with diarrhea and or vomiting .
the outward appearnce of the environment was very clean but based on the fact that so many of us became ill was concerning .
the food is mediocore and very reptetive from one restaurant to the next .
the italian place is dangerous from a food standpoint .
be very careful what you choose to eat .
i drank alot of bottled water and wine !
the staff was friendly but spoke little english .
they do not give you wash cloths to bath with just large hand towels so take you own ! !one should learn basic spanish before going .
the beach was beautiful and it is topless so if you are offended by bare chested women of all ages do not go .
the ride to the resort and back to the airport is a bit unnerving but i am not sure that is much different thatn any other carribean country .
my spouse played golf at teh cocotal golf course and was impressed .
we were on an all inclusive deal but he had to pay $30+ for a golf cart which is mandatory . there are better countries in the carribean so this was my firsdt and last visit to dr 
smiles but total ineficiency first surprise : the hotel had been changed because of ! overbooking !
we (9 people ) were transferred to other melia hotel , less rated than paradisus .
no explanations at all .
at this hotel the rooms were not yet available , even they did not know we were to arrive .
that meant 3 hours more of lobby .
the passive behaviour of the staff is the problem .
they say yes to everything but nobody takes really care of the demand .
desperatingly we had to arrange the transportation to paradisus the next day .
when arriving at paradisus hotel , needless to say , the rooms were not yet available , so we had to wait until 4 pm to get finally to our rooms .
if you want a beach chair in the shadow you have to stay at the beach before 8am .
i expected more chairs available in such a luxury hotel .
the food is really good in almost every restaurant .
the romantico is a must but make reservation asap .
the staff is friendly , may be too friendly but it seems to be the caribbean way of life .
ineficieny is unbeliveable even considering the caribbean standards .
probably the problem is not the hotel itself but the staff lack of professionality .
ot was just ok i went to the paradisius for a wedding with about 70 other guests .
the resort was beautiful , but there was a tremendous amount of construction happening at all hours of the day and night .
we were awakened every morning around 9am by the sound of chop saws strategically placed directly outside our room ! !we arrived around 1pm and were not able to check into our rooms until 4pm .
most guest had to wait until at least 3, some did not even get a room at all !
the hotel made arrangements for rooms at a nearby hotel - which was totally unacceptlable as we all had had resevations for at least 6 month prior to our arrival !
our room had a strong muggy odor and the bathroom flooded everytime we took a shower .
the room was cleaned on a daily basis , and although they took our drenched towels away , (a result of drying the puddles in the bathroom ) they did not replace them with clean ones - here is a tip : get clean pool towels and bring them back to your room - you will need them !
the food was ok , and the service was also ok - definitely not 5 stars ! !
not 5 star at all ! my husband and i stayed at the paradisus for 5 days and 4 nights .
that was plenty .
the flight was impeccable . . . the ride to the resort was more dangerous than anything .
cars weaving in and out . . . along with dangerous tail - gaiting .
we arrived at 12:30p , in our jeans and sweatshirts . . . sweating ( no ac in the lobby ) we could not check into our room until 3pm .
we got some lunch , which was an awful display of melted cheeses , meats under heat lamps , and discusting looking hot dogs and hamburgers that look like they were sitting out for hours .
( this was everyday ) my husband and i literally ate rice and rolls for 4 days .
the grounds were nothing special . . . very average .
the pool was nice and warm , the ocean beautiful .
dinner we ate at the brazilian , and the steak house . . . ok but again the salad bars were outside with melted cheese and awful presentation .
el romantico . . . no biggy . .nicely decorated but same food .
they had cool dance classes daily at the beach . . . but repetitive .
nobody spoke english and one guy that worked there asked my husband for 5 bucks ! !
the shows at night were like talent shows from the local high school . the bottled wate tasted weird . .drank my own water only and pepsi without ice .
people did get the runs .
why spend money to sweat , have repetitive food , drink pepsi and have room service with poor looking soggy pizza ? ?
the beerpresidente great .
the only thing my husband drank .
i do not recommend going to punta cana .
spend your money and travel in the us and hit vegas or arizona .
our room was " gone in 60 seconds ! "
when we arrived at the paradisus the rooms were unavailable along with 35 other visitors that day .
apparently , the hotel has a policy with overbooking and shipped us off to another lower quality resort .
it could have been worse .
a few people were put into accomodations that only had one light bulb for both the bathroom and guest room !
worst of all , when the staff realized that there were no rooms , they avoided us and hid in the office without telling us what was happening .
it was only after arrangements had been made (2.5 hours later ) that we found out our room was not available .
as you can imagine , we were not happy . be very cautious as another family had an email confirmation from the paradisus general manager which seemed to work for them .
lacking good service just got back from bavaro princess .
i must say the groundsare very beautiful .
i really enjoyed the walks through the mangros . the beach is one of the best i have ever seen .
looking from the outside , it is the perfect place to visit .
however , a person needs toeat and this is where things change .
the food in the buffet area isalways served cold .
this fault lies squarely on the head chef 's shoulders .
i really think it is a disgrace that a chef would allow food to be served cold !
there are no steamers under the pans . i went to eat when the doors opened every day so i know the food had to have been layed out some time earlier .
i was sick from day one .
not sure if it was from the food but just be aware if youwant to dig in .
they do have cooks making specialty meals whichare served hot .
i would suggest you stick with them .
no complaints with them at all .
in fact , they served some very goodfood .
i did find the diningroom service a little bad .
i would not call them lazy but perhaps i would say that they lack a desire to work . be sure to look at your plate , glass and coffee cups before using them .
i found many that were very dirty .
in fact , i had a coffee cup that was very dirty and i asked the waiter for a clean one .
he tookmy cup and swapped it with a cleaner one on the other table andleft the dirty one for the next customer .
when i left , i put that one back on my table so it would be cleaned .
someone had to ensure it would get cleaned !
i believe if they can the chef and putsomeone in there that cares about the job and the health of theirguests , this would be a great place .
there simply did not seem tobe any order at all in the dining room .
this is a good resort and can be a great one if they make just a few simple changes .
if you have any questions , you can contact me .
if you 're a non - smoker - stay away from his one ! ! just returned from a one - week stay at the bavaro princess and was very , very disappointed .
the resort bills itself as 5- star facility but barely makes 2 - and i give those 2 stars for the lush tropical landscaping .
this is a resort for smokers and/or people who have never been to a real 5- star resort ( or a 4- star or 3- star for that matter ) , and/or people with super - low expectations about their accomodations , food , and service . let me begin with what was good about the hotel : 1) lush tropical landscaping that is very well maintained .
wehn you go to a caribbean resort , this is what you want the grounds to look like .
if whoever does their landscaping and maintains their vast grounds ran the resort , it might be worth coming back to .2) beautiful beach .3)
large rooms .4)
nice , large , comfortable casino on the property which was empty on each of our two visits .
i would recommend a visit to the casino if only to take an air break as it seemed to be the only place in the entire resort with truly cold a/c .
a veteran of the bp told us the reason the casino was so empty is because the slots do not pay and he felt even the games were rigged .
he pointed out that there is little oversight of casinos in the dominican republic and certainly not the sort of regulation applied to casinos in the us .
i do not know about all that as we are not big gamblers .
we enjoyed our two hours of cool air at the casino .5)
friendly staff : most of the staff we dealt with were very friendly and helpful . why i would never go back to the bavaro princess :1) if you 're a non - smoker , as i am , keep away from this place .
smoking is not only permitted everywhere , it seems to almost be encouraged .
people smoke in the main dining room , in the restaurants , at the pool , in the pool , at the beach , in the water at the beach , on the trams , in the theater , and in their rooms .
there are no non - smoking rooms or public areas at this resort so a non - smoker is subjected to the disgusting stink of cigarettes virtually everywhere .
smokers think nothing of flicking their cigatettes anywhere they wish including on walkways , at the beach , in the pool area and from moving trams .
rooms are sectioned four to a building ( two up and two down ) and seem to share the air conditioning .
if you have a neighbor who smokes , the stink will be in your room as well .
there is no escaping cigartette smoke here .2)
i do not expect a whole heck of a lot when i go to a resort but i do expect air conditioning that works ( especially in a place where the temperture was routinely in the 80s -90s fahrenheit and the humidity was high to match ) .
the a/c in the rooms was marginal at best .
there is no such thing as 'cold ' air - the best you can hope for is 'cooler than outside . '
the main dining room , which is where you will do most of your eating , is an enormous building open at the sides with no air conditioning .
meals were sweat - fests .
a handful of restaurants on the property did have a/c but there , too , it was only enough to be better than outside .
if cold a/c is something you need to have a comfortable stay in a hot tropical locale , this is not the place for you .3)
when i travel , i also expect a comfortable place to sleep .
again , the rooms are large , but the lack of cold a/c and beds that were like sleeping on ironing boards made our stay very uncomfortable .
choice of beds is what they refer to as a twin ( smaller than what a twin would be in the us ) or a king ( more like a small us queen - size ) .
my 6'1 frame did not do well on the 3x6 'twin ' that was basically the size of an army cot but not nearly as comfortable .4)
this resort is spanish - owned .
do not expect us - type service nor employees who speak fluent english .
i speak spanish so it was not much of a problem for me , but i heard a number of american guests complain that they had problems being understood especially when it came to problems with their rooms or service .
the clientelle when we were there was largely spanish , argentinian , dominican , and russian with americans probably 5th in number followed by some german and french .
5) blankets provided were threadbare in spots and most of the towels we received during our stay were worn and frayed at the edges and should have been retired long ago .
there 's no excuse for worn - out blankets and towels .6)
when we arrived ( late - at about 10pm ) at our room , there was a slow leak in the line that runs from the wall into the toilet , spreading a line of water across the slick bathroom floor .
after almost breaking my neck slipping on the water , i called guest services .
the person who answered said that they were alone and that they would not be able to send a service person out until the next day .
the following day it took 3 calls over a four - hour period to get someone out to fix the leak .
the remote control for the tv did not work and a check revealed there were no batteries in it ; once turned on , the panel controls on the tv did not work and we could not turn the tv off .
we had to yank the plug to get it off and getting batteries for the remote and a tech to repair ( or replace ) the tv took the same 3 phone calls and 2 days .
when we returned to our room later that evening ( after a day at the beach and before dinner ) we found a half - drunk bottle of coke on a counter and one of the bottles of water in the fridge had been opened , partially drunk , and put back .
not exactly a 5- star hotel .7)
there are hokey shows in the theater each evening .
if you are expecting las vegas - style entertainment ( or even cruise - ship quality entertainment ) , this is not for you .
the theater is in the same building as the main dining room .
it also lacks a/c and was a smoke - filled , sweat box .
8) trams are necessary for all but the most hearty to navigate the resort .
our room was at the far end , away from the beach .
trams supposedly run 24 hours a day .
we found it nearly impossible to get a tram at the peak dinner hours and wound up walking to the dining room each evening .
again , bear in mind that people think nothing of smoking on these often - crowded trams ( and not a day went by that we did not see someone flicking their lit cigarette into the bushes from a moving tram ) .9)
there are two nice - sized pools on the property .
the main pool is close to the beach .
plenty of chairs and free pool towels are provided .
the main pool has a bar located inisde it that you can swim up to and order free beverages .
resort newbies seem to really like this feature .
the water temperture when we were there made the pool feel like a hot bath , which people seemed to enjoy ( i preferred the ocean ) .
what 's bad about the pool : there are no restrictions on children being in the pool .
we saw people with infants in pampers and were close - by at least one incident where a baby actually defacated into the pool .
as noted above , people smoke in the pool , putting their cigarettes out wherever it is most convenient for them anywhere nearby .
with its super warm temperature , many children and infants and many inconsiderate smokers , i found the pool unsanitary and not a place i would want to hang out and certainly not a place for kids to spend the day unless they 've had all their shots .10)
and speaking of kids - a note to americans thinking of bringing their children here : as this resort caters largely to europeans and south americans , a number of women were topless on the beach .
this seemed to be a big plus for the many 20- somethings vacationing from the usa but seemed to come as a surprise to americans there with their kids who found themselves doing some explaining they might not have expected .
10) food was a major disappointment .
most of your eating will be done in the large main dining room .
it is buffet - style and , as previously noted , it is a sweaty free - for - all .
while the buffet offered a wide selection of food , varied by theme each night , the food was mediocre at best .
the 'hot ' food was not placed on burners or under heat lamps and was cold for all but the first to get at it .
the cold food was not placed on ice or in refrigerated units so it was luke - warm by the time anyone who came later on in the meal got to it .
two of the restaurants we ate at did a good job with their meals : one was the japanese restaurant where guests sit benihana - style around a common table with the chef cooking in the center .
the chef was entertaining and the food was good .
the argentinian restaurant el gaucho did poorly on service but a good job with our argentinian steaks .
el gaucho is not air coniditioned .
for some bizarre reason , men are required to wear long pants to the restaurants which would be fine if they had adequate a/c .
el gaucho had none and the rest had only 'cool ' air at best .
women can come dressed as they wish , and many did .
so you men sweating in long pants sitting across from women in shorts .
go figure .
11) mangrove and zoo : the resort had , to its credit , preserved a natural mangrove area that is accessible by a short walking trail .
it is a nice touch and is great for the kids who get to see turtles and fish from the trail .
unfortunately the resort feels it necessary to keep a small 'zoo ' along the trail with a handful of cages housing birds and one for iguanas .
the enclosure for the vulture was way too small and none of the cages had clean water for the animals when we passed through - yes - we looked .
there is no security and while we were walking through some [ - - - - - - - ] and his rotten kids were throwing bread at the caged vulture which was obviously distressed by the harrassment .
the large iguana enlcosure had no foliage , shade or clean water when we passed by .
cruelty to animals is very unappealing to most americans .
the resort should do away with the zoo and just have the natural mangrove trail .
it is pretty enough without mistreating any birds or other animals .
conclusion : nice tropical setting , beautiful landscaping ; nice beach ; big rooms ; mostly nice , friendly staff .
bad a/c , bad beds , unsanitary pool , smokers and smoking everywhere , poor food .
as i said in the beginning : this is a resort for smokers and/or people who have never been to a real 5- star resort ( or a 4- star or 3- star for that matter ) , and/or people with super - low expectations about their accomodations , food , and service .
if i were 20 years old and had never been anywhere else , i probably would have loved this place .
overall dissapointment we booked this trip through apple vacations and overall i was very dissappointed in the resort .
the main reason is that apple bills this as a 5 apple property whereas i see it as a 4 at best .
the rooms are terribly dated and in need of remodel .
we had lots of tiny bugs in our room ( on the bathroom sink and the headboard ) .
the pool area also needs to be updated .
everywhere we went was smoky with lots of cigarette butts laying around .
the beach and water were beautiful and the food was good .
could of been better !
we booked through apple vacations because we got such a good deal .
we went july of 2007.
the resort could of been better if we upgraded .
the walk to the beach was soooo far .
we were in the furthest building ever soo if we forgot something back at the room forget it ! ! ! that was horrible .
we had cold water 4 out of 7 days .
someone complained and we got the hot water again .
being in the sun all day and going to cold shower was not that bad but you want the option .
second , the room was not comfortable .
we should of requested a newer model .
third the smell when walking to the beach in one section over by the pumps was horrible ! ! ! ! third the resort was too big .
overall the people were very nice and the food was good .
we paid to go to the restaurant that was on the beach our last night and that was sooooo worth it .
soooo romantic and the food was awesome ! ! would we go back maybe but only if we paid for the upgrades . .
keep all valuables in your safe just returned from our honeymoon .
14 days in a honeymoon suite .
the hotel , the beach , and the grounds are wonderful .
staff working in restaurants and bars are very nice , but as far as management and staff working in gift shops - - how rude can they be .
as soon as you mention you 're having a problem , suddenly they do not speak nor understand a word of english .
do not try to get $1 bills , they 'll send you to hell just for asking , not thinking you need them for tips .
the first 4 days we always had to go back to the guest service desk and ask for bath towels ( they would only leave 2 towels ) , or facecloths ( manager said they were for platinum suites only ) or coffee , or water bottles , and even toilet paper .
on the fifth day we took an one day excursion .
we returned to a our room to find out that the maid had put the cap in the sink and left the water running .
we had water up to our ankles .
to me that was harrassment for complaining about the maid service .
that night we found out that half of my husband prescribed drugs had been stolen .
jaccuzi did not work , and was left covered in soap for 45 minutes because shower water just stopped .
lock everything in the safe .
never again will we return to dominican republic .
we 'll spend our money where people are nice and friendly .
my entire family was sick at the bavaro !
i want to be very fair writing this review , so i want to start with a few points , and the positives :1.
the beach was one of the most beautiful that i have ever experienced in my life , and i have traveled extensively2.
the bartenders at the pool bar were totally fun , amazing and friendly . . . especially julio !3.
rooms were clean and spacious , though not luxurios or moderni have to conclude by saying that i would never go back to the bavaro for the following reasons :1.
the place is too big , and too impersonal .
the staff is nice enough , not rude , but certainly do not go out of the way to make anyone feel special or pampered .2,
the reservation system is a disaster !
you have to get up early every morning to get a decent reservation .
certain people ( i hate to stereotype , but it always seemed to be the french - canadians ) , tried to cut in line and did not believe that they should be inconvenienced like everyone else .
you are on vacation , and are supposed to be able to relax , but , you cannot , if you want to get into a decent resturant .3.
the food is awful , and that is true of the buffet and resturants !
the buffets are so sub - par , but there is some type of selection for everyone .
the resturants , and that includes all , were gross !
the japanese place was loaded with msg , and everything tasted the same .
the italian was gross , and made olive garden look like a 5 star .
the fish grill was the worst of all .
tasteless , favorless and soggy !
i know i am from new york , and can be a bit of a food snob , but how anyone can say that these places are good , or even average , is so beyond comprehension ! 4. to add insult to injury , besides the food tasting awful , it also made everyone violently ill .
we are a family of four .
my husband and i are in our 30's , and my kids are 8 amd 9. we have traveled extensively , all over the world , and never did we get as sick as we did , here .
my 9 year old son was violently ill by the second day .
my husband , by the third day .
i was ill by the 5th day .
i thought my youngest daughter , who is a juvenile diabetic , had escaped , but by the time we got to the airport to fly home , she was vomiting and had diareah .
it took us three days back in new york for her to get back to normal .
as a juvenile diabetic , this was not an ideal situation for her . so to sum it up , if you only care about an inexpensive price , and an amazing beach , you may actually like this place .
but if good food and service are important , stay very , very far away from here .
be prepared for illness , as i have a feeling that the water is the cause .
while punta cana was , indeed , one of the most beautiful beaches i have ever experienced , i will not go back until the quality and service can be much improved !
the most beautiful place . . . but i would not return we stayed at the bavaro princess quite some time ago , march 2006 to be exact , but never did get around to writing a review .
from time to time i always check out the reviews  pictures of this property , and am always surprised that the same complaint still keeps popping up . . . that is food poisoning .
that is what prompted me to finally write this review .
i had thoroughly researched this hotel for approx . 1 year before booking  the reviews were mostly good .
we booked through air canada vacations .
about 2 months before we left , reviews started showing up regarding food poisoning , which made me very nervous .
even waiting at the airport after check - in i was extremely worried , but other travellers i talked to said to just go  enjoy , all will be fine . we stayed for 2 weeks , and we upgraded to an oceanfront platinum club room , which i believe is well worth the price .
we had a beautiful room with a huge terrace , with a view to die for and only 75 steps to the beach .
there was no signs of neglect that i could see , and no bugs in the room .
and just the convenience of not having to wait in that line up to book your reservations was worth it . . . .it was a breeze .
all the staff at the platinum lounge were friendly  helpful , anna at the bar was great  made the best cocolocos , and a special thank - you to elso of turinter tours , who on our last night there personally picked us up in his car  showed us some dominican nightlife . . . he took us for pizza , and then to a bar/bowling alley/pool hall  we shot pool .
i spoke to the air canada rep down there about the food poisoning issue and even showed her the reviews on ta , and she assured us not to worry . as other reviewers have said , the beach is gorgeous .
in fact , it is one of the most beautiful beaches we have been to .
we had fun playing in the waves and walking the beach .
at night after dinner we would usually take a couple of beers to the beach  lay on a chair  just look at the stars and listen to the ocean .
it was heaven .
the resort grounds are beautiful .
we never took the trams anywhere , we always walked as it was too pretty to be zipping around through the property .
the mangrove  jungle in the middle was gorgeous . . . .one night that sticks out is when we walked back from licey through that area around 10ish ; the temperature was perfect  the moon was full .
it was a storybook moment ! we did not do any night shows ; i happened to see bits  pieces of the shows but they did not interest us , after all the beach at night was beckoning us .
we did some tours : the caving tour was fabulous , i highly recommend it .
we did the jeep safari . . . it was very interesting .
we also did the swim in the marinarium one sunday afternoon . . . i did think this one was rather lame .
we also went to saona ( gorgeous ) and sunset horseback riding which was also good . i have wonderful , fond memories of the beauty of this resort , but the one thing that marred our vacation was the food .
this is a huge problem here .
after worrying so much , the first week went off good .
we ate at the all the restaurants .
we basically stayed with food we knew , just to be cautious .
the food was okay , the pasta stations were good .
the italian restaurant was my favourite , and the buffets were good , but the gourmet licey i was not impressed with .
el gaucho was just plain terrible ; my husband 's steak looked like shoe leather , the buns were as hard as baseballs , and i was served a tiny baked potato and a pile of steamed onions . . . .blah !
the rest of the food was good , but midway through week two , my husband did not feel well .
we tried to tell ourselves maybe he was in the sun too long  suffered heat stroke or something along that line , but it just got worse  worse .
he could not leave the room  was in the bathroom 95% of the time .
finally after 2 days , he went to the doctor ( who is very nice ) , but we had to wait in a line because he was not the only one who was suffering from . .you guessed it . . . . food poisoning .
she put him on an iv because he was so dehydrated  gave him pills to take , which settled his stomach enough that we could go out with elso on our last night there , although my husband had no appetite for the pizza .
so the last five days were a write off .
when we arrived home , my husband did not feel right for the next 2 weeks . . . . . it was just wicked , he has never been so sick in his life .
because there were so many people with food poisoning , the next day i saw a food inspector there  all the food staff were wearing face masks .
i told the hotel of our misfortune , and they sent us up milk  bananas ( i guess to try  soothe his stomach ) .
on a side note , i did not get food poisoning . . . but i do not eat meat , whereas my husband did .
however , it is very hard to pinpoint where the source of the bug is as this is just such a huge resort with so much staff , it could be anything . that is my experience with this resort , and i am surprised that they are still having problems here .
before we left i told myself that the people who complained were just being picky , or liked to complain about something everyday , or overindulged in alcohol or the like , but even though we were worried , i gave the resort the benefit of the doubt .
this is what happened , so those who have experienced this are not fabricating it  just to complain . . . . it does exist here so just be cautious . in retrospect , i feel bittersweet about the bavaro , that is why i come back here sometimes to look at the pictures  read the reviews . . . . it does bring back good memories of the natural beauty of the resort , and i really do miss that . . .walking through the grounds  the beach at night  the gorgeous countryside .
however , we will never return to this resort , nor the dominican for that matter as the food quality is questionable and let 's face it . . . .food poisoning on a vacation is not fun at any expense !
just my two cents . . . .finally !
not what we expected my wife , aunt , sister in law , cousin and her husband and myself stayed here for a week .
not what we expected but perhaps we expected to much .
this is our 2nd trip to punta cana .
in 2005 we stayed at the riu palace macao and had no complaints what so ever .
the exterior and grounds of the princess were great but the interior of the rooms were in need of updating .
you can tell that when this resort was new it was top notch but it has been let go .
rooms needed painted , furniture old , rooms not totally clean ( cobwebs all over along with dust ) , do not think they mopped the floors .
food overall was pretty good with the chinese being top class .
the pools ( nice ) but needed cleaned .
beach was great . we have also stayed at 5 all - inclusives in cancun , all of which were better then this . we will not return here nor would we recommend it to anyone . had a good time but dissatisfied with resort . if you have any questions , please feel free to e - mail me .
bittersweet resort just got back from a week spent at the bavaro princess .
alot of people may seem to post only negative things about this resort .
i agree with most of them , but this resort did have some good points as well .
let me just say , however , that i would not recommend this resort .
i have stayed in punta cana twice before , once at the grand palladium , and once at iberostar punta cana , both of which were much , much nicer that the bavaro princess .
here goes : check - in : not bad .
as usual , we got there about 11 a . m . , and no rooms until 3 p . m . i 've just gotten used to this i guess . rooms : first of all , i must mention that we did have a traveler with us that needed handicapped assistance , such as a handicapped room .
this resort did not offer handicapped rooms , though , when we booked , apple vacations did say that they had handicapped rooms .
not the case !
one step into room , two steps up to bed , two steps down to bathroom , and no handicapped shower .
rooms were musty , but , hey , you are in the jungle .
the air - conditioning does not work well .
maid service was decent and the room was always clean . bugs : take off or cutter or some sort of insect repellant .
i wo not say any more ! beach/pools : gorgeous ! food : out of the 3 resorts i 've stayed at in punta cana , bavaro princess had the best food !
lots of selection .
beverages : all domestic liquor .
beer ok .
just a side note . . . iberostar offers imported liquor . . . tanqueray , beefeater , canadian club , bacardi , absolut , etc . alcoholic beverages were not bad at princess , but i 've had better at other resorts . resort in general : very , very large , though the tram does make frequent stops at all destinations , and is easy to pick up . casino : not las vegas , but fun .
play the big ben machines . so , i hope this helps . . .
if you have any questions , please feel free to email me .
beautiful but beware ! ! ! ok , so i am not picky at all .
i can pretty much have fun anywere but when the food and drink made all of our party of 6 ill , it pretty much destroyed our vacation ! !
so here are some more details : the grounds are beautiful , the best beach i have ever seen .
also jc in activities is awesome ! !
so is rueben at the pool bar ! !
the fun we did have on our trip was because of them ! !the beer is ok , but watch , the beer is not all presidente .
even the help told us they serve a cheaper beer in some of the bars trying to make it seem as if you are drinking presidente .
but this beer is disgusting ! !
the mixed drinks were not very good also .
previous resorts i have been to made the drinks with fresh fruit and they were made to order , not out of a slush machine .
the food - we were all up to trying new things but we all paid for it .
i am not talking a little sick i am talking vomiting/diarrhea/in bed two days sick with upset stomachs still after we got home .
the room was ok , our bathtub was rusty and the outside of it was peeling off but we were within walking distance to the beach so we did not complain . the servers in the reserved restaurants were awful , they never offered you anything but water .
like another review said i have never drank so little on a vacation ! !i do want to say all the staff that works the beach/pool during the day is awesome , we did tip them several times through our trip . wo not go back , ever ! ! ! !
