we 've given up making contact !
we have not managed to book a stay at the casablanca .
i can only describe their reception as totally inefficient  non communicative ! i have been trying to book two rooms for seven nights accommodation in august but they have so far ( three weeks later ! ) failed to respond at all to my two e mail requests . having read the glowing reviews of service , i feel very disapointed and have decided that they do not deserve our business . i have never experienced this degree of poor service from a hotel before in all my years of travel .
they messed up our add - ons , but apologized i 'm writing this to help other tripadvisor users , not to grind any particular ax .
i recommend not ordering any additional items through the hotel 's website , or if you do , call ahead to make sure they are following through . my wife and i were staying at the casablanca for our tenth wedding anniversary , which the hotel knew .
when i booked our stay , i ordered ( as a surprise to my wife ) add - ons that the hotel offers on its website : a bottle of champagne , a bottle of red wine , and flowers to be waiting in our room for our arrival .
the total price of the add - ons was about $150. the items were a no - show .
they apologized when i pointed out the omission , and offered to make the champagne complimentary and deliver the flowers the next day . we ended up cancelling our stay , so i wo not comment on the hotel other than to say that everything else seemed very nice , the location is fantastic for times square access , and the staff and management were genuinely upset that they had made the mistake , apologizing many times .
they tried to make it right , and graciously agreed to cancel our reservation . i believe that the casablanca hotel probably deserves all the great reviews it gets on tripadvisor and i do not discourage anyone from booking this hotel ( except the add - ons ) .
my overall experience was unquestionably terrible but i can easily see why everyone else has liked it .
i hope relating my experience is helpful to you , the tripadvisor user , if you 're considering the add - ons .
obviously has an overbooking problem do not count on actually staying here , even if you have a confirmed reservation !
based on a previous review and our own recent experience , it appears this hotel regularly overbooks .
what made this especially galling is that we had received a phone call from the casablanca management the day before we arrived , to confirm that we would be coming for a four - night stay (3/27/04-3/31/04) .
yet when we showed up at 5:00 pm to check in , we were told we did not have a room and fed a ridiculous and obviously invented story about a roof leak causing our room to be unavailable .
( suspiciously enough , they insisted the roof leak would be a problem only for saturday and sunday nights .
they were absolutely certain it would be fixed for the last two nights of our stay - - the obviously less - in - demand monday and tuesday night . )
they packed us off to the royalton , right around the corner , and paid the difference in room rate for the first two nights , but they expected us to come back to the casablanca for the last two nights .
talk about inconvenient .
in any case we loved the royalton and decided to stay there for our entire stay , even though we had to pay substantially more for the last two nights .
everything about the relocation made the trip much more expensive .
for instance , the casablanca includes free continental breakfast and free afternoon wine and snacks , while the hotel they substituted charges $21 for continental breakfast and a minimum of $10 for a glass of wine .
also , the casablanca has free high - speed internet access , while the substituted hotel charges $10 a night .
had we been on a tight budget , this experience would have been absolutely infuriating .
fortunately we could afford it .
but we 'll never book the casablanca again .
what a disappointment what a disappointment - in every regard .
for a christmas gift , i bought my parents tickets to a play and saturday night at the casablanca hotel .
i chose this hotel because it was a great location - and the rooms and accomodations looked special - which i wanted them to have .
the room was booked in december - indicating that the cancellation policy was cancel at least 1 day before day of arrival .
their trip was for valentines day evening .
on the day before , the hotel called my home and left a somewhat threatening message - if i did not call to confirm before 7:30 the night before - the room would be re - booked .
i was out of town for the weekend already and did not get the message until 3 days later . i reluctantly called my parents to find out about their horrible treatment - they were assured that the guests who were booked for friday night refused to leave - and they ca not kick them out .
if that was the case , why did they leave a message the day before saying if we did not confirm , we would be cancelled ?
their solution ?
they sent my parents to hotel 41 - which was a much lower quality hotel - which they did not enjoy at all .
to boot , they charged my parents the rate that i agreed to pay for the casablanca hotel - which is much higher than the dumpy hotel they stayed at . when i called the manager - i was assured that the bill would be credited .
however - my parents just received the bill with no credit .
i faxed the hotel and received no reply . what a disappointing evening all together - thanks to the casablanca hotel .
for the birds we knew what we were getting into by selecting a hotel with no ac - but after looking at the average temperatures for sf - we thought we would be ok .
so selecting the chancellor was our choice and this review is not really about the heat .
we were in sf during the recent heat wave - it was very hot and miserable to sleep at the chancellor as we had a front room , the window had no screens ( there were crows on the balcony - not exactly something you want to wake up to ) so our room had no air flow .
it was so helpful ( not ) that they offered us electric fans as we checked out - in that heat situation - those should have been offered to all guests .
the room was a good 20 degrees warmer than the outside temperature .
so - if you happen to go during extreme heat - ask for a room in the back and the extra fan . as for the room , it was very small and while updated in its decor - it was old .
the bathroom was also very small ( the door barely clears the toilet ) with no frills .
i would have no problem with this - but it also was not very clean .
it needed a good scrub and some major cauking . on the positive side , they had a nice lobby restaurant and the location was great . so between the balcony crows and the dirty , small bath .
we wo not be returning to the chancellor - but sf was fun .
nothing like the ritz carlton you 'd expect . . . ! ! ! holiday stays are often difficult but i never worry about booking with the ritz carlton , until now .
my family consists of 2 adults and a 12 and 14 year old .
we arrived in san juan a couple of days prior to a cruise .
we arrived on christmas night and it was very busy in the hotel .
our rooms were already prepaid prior to our arrival and a room with 2 double beds were committed .
when we arrived we were told only king sized beds were available but they could provide a cot in an effort to help us .
obviously , this was not really an option , i asked if there were larger rooms , different rooms , anything that had double beds ( i offered to pay an up charge if needed ) .
i was told the only option would be to get another room with a king size bed .
i declined the offer as it came with a full rate $800 per night price tag .
i asked to speak with a manager so i could show him all my confirmation paperwork and hopefully get some resolution .
the manager was called and after about 10 minutes he appeared and i told him my situation , showed him all my confirmation paperwork .
he told me he would resolve the problem , he walked in the back and returned telling me everything was resolved .
i thanked him and wished him a merry xmas .
i was given the key and told to wait a few moments while housekeeping had to do something in the room .
after a few moments we walked to the room and noticed that housekeeping added a double bed into a room with a king sized bed . . . . it was hilarious , essentially the entire room consisted of 2 beds . . .
at this point i had to laugh and make the best of it , i was only going to be there for 2 nights .
however , it is clear when you walk around this hotel , the cleanliness and condition of the property is nothing like anything i 've ever experienced in other ritz carltons .
the employees do not have the same dedication to service that i have experienced elsewhere .
ripoff expensive ripoff .
the rooms are okay , but nothing special .
the service was friendly - - but the food was horrible and at that inflated price i expect more .
at the poolside grill we could not finish our stinky fish sandwich .
we had grouper and seafood alfredo at their main restraunt .
the fish tasted old and covered in salt and the pasta just tasted of bacon .
furthermore , they nickel and dime you at the end with gratuity charges .
awful and a waste of money ! ! ! ! my husband and our four children went to the ritz calreton in puerto rico as a school 's over/ welcome summer trip .
i must say that this place may seem nice becuase of the reviews below but you 'd be better off taking a vacation to queens .
the hotel i right next to the airport and all you here is the sound of planes constantly taking off .
it is located in the worst district of peurto rico and i highly do not recommend walking the streets at night .
the restaurants were good at the hotel if you plan on spending half a grand on dinner .
this place is so hyped up to be something it is not .
the locals from my opinon do not like americans becuase we went to the local denny 's and were ignored with the rest of the americans as we were sat in this special room .
puerto rico is not a fun place to go unless you enjoy the loud noise of the cityt and the constant airplanes taking off .
the staff was nice but i was not impressed .
they hype it up to be this great resort and make it seem like you are going to be in the most luxurious hotel and in the world and it quite frankly sucked .
the beach was crap becasue you shared it with othyer hotels and the water was not clear at all like that caribbean i 'm used to seeing , probabl becuase of the brown sand .
you are charged for everything and i mean everything except towls , chairs , and umbrellas .
hated it i recommned if you do not have a passport go to st . thomas if you have one do not go there !
just a warning 
outrageous ! before going to the ritz in san juan i had read both the good and the bad reviews .
i had mistakenly believed that the extremely bad reviews were simply written by high maintenance or difficult guests and that the reviews were most likely a reflection of the reviewer not the hotel .
i am pretty laid back , no frills , and i tend to be very personable , and appreciative , so i thought i would not have any major problems .
my college roomate and i were staying at the ritz for 3 nights to celebrate our 30th birthdays .
over the course of our short stay , we thought the service at the club level lounge was great , had no problem with the pool attendants and thought the spa was fantastic . but the service at the front tesk was so terrible that it ruined our entire stay .
1. check - in - yikes !
if the hotel is full - as it was during our entire stay - there is always a long line and the rooms are never ready on time .
not a big deal , but the problem is that they are rude to guests as they tell them their room is not available .
example - when they told me our room would be ready in an hour and i asked what time it was ( as i did not have a watch on ) , the person at the front desk sighed , showed me her wrist and said with a lot of attititude - i do not have a watch .
there was a clock behind her and she was at a computer which i assume had the time on it .
also , i had requested via e - mail and confirmed by phone a room with 2 double beds on the club level , and when we checked in it was obvious that they had given all those rooms away .
rather than apologizing for their inability to honor the reservation , they said they had a record of my request , but no record that that my request had ever been confirmed - . . .huh ?
when i said that i had called a few days before to double check on my request for double beds , they insinuated that i was lying by stating that they had no record of the call ever having taken place .
i can understand that things fall through the cracks when it 's busy , but that 's when you apologize and try to fix things , do not accuse the guest of lying !
i got so personally offended and upset i asked to speak to a manager ( which i never do ! ) .
the front desk manager did not apologize for the unprofessional manner of the front desk clerk - she simply said , well , we have no record that you ever called so i have no choice but to give both of you the benefit of the doubt . . . i 'm sorry but we have no proof that the call ver took place .
wow , so much for 5- star customer service .
they ended up placing us on on a non - club floor but gave us access to the club lounge through an additional key - no big deal .
however when we called to request the complimentary in - room coffee service given to club guests , they said that we did not have club privileges .
i explained that we did have privileges even though we were staying on a different floor , and could he check in the computer to verify ?
the person said , no you do not have privileges and angrily hung up on me ! seriously , hung up ! - who hangs up on people in a hotel ?
i mean c 'mon , it 's not that hard to call back - they are the front desk !
i later learned that the system was down , and therefore the person i spoke with was unable to look us up on the computer and because i was calling from a non - club floor , he assumed i was not a club guest .
but then why did not he explain that the system was down , and they were unable to confirm my status ?
note : when i called later and learned what had happened - no apology - they never apologize , sometimes explain why they are rude - but rarely an apology .
there were many other outrageous experiences/run ins with the front desk - but i think these give a pretty good picture .
one final example was our wake up call the day we left .
i called the night before and asked for a 8am wake up call with coffee .
they called ( and delivered the coffee ) at 6am .
since i 'm not a morning person i did not realize that they called 2 hours early until i had my coffee , took a shower and then looked at the clock .
so i decided to go back to sleep and called back down to make sure that they would still call us at 8. the person who answered said rudely yes , we already have it in our computer , an 8am wake up call .
i said back pretty sharply at this point , why do you think i 'm awake right now with a cup of coffee ?
they already called at 6. silence , then no apology , just we 'll call at 8 - click .
( i wonder who missed their flight that morning because they did not get a 6am wake up call . . . )outrageous ! so , i would advise anyone to stay away from this hotel , but if you must go to this hotel my advice would be :1.
do not go at a time when it 's full .
( i am hoping that they 're a little nicer when it 's less busy )2.
keep a journal/log of any correspondence or telephone calls you make before your trip , who you spoke with , when , what they said .
- you may need it later for proof .3.
be prepared for totally inconsistent service and outrageous behavior by the front desk staff .
not a five star hotel certainly not a five star hotel by any stretch of the imagination .
the service at the beach and the pool was terrible .
every day they were out of towels by 11am and made no effort to solve the issue .
the beach is over run with the locals .
the people taking care of the beach services are more interested in catering to their own friends than the guests . you ca not walk around the pool area because it is so full with lounge chairs right to the edge of the pool .
the inside of the hotel hallways smell musty and moldy .
when we had to change rooms we were told to pack all our luggage , something they should have done , and then they would move it .
at 11pm we still did not have our luggage in the new room and it took many phone calls to finally get it .
the breakfast is terribly overpriced for a mediocre buffet , not the ususal ritz buffet .
the food at the beach is limited and less than stellar .
overall after staying at many ritz carlton 's throughout the country i would say you should definately go elsewhere if you are expecting a five star experience at five star prices i might add .
terrible experience terrible experience .
in a nutshell , i had a pair of designer sunglasses stolen from my rental car by the valet attendants .
after reporting the problem to several managers , i left without the problem being resolved .
it appears that the management of this particular hotel has not been empowered to do whatever it takes to keep a customer .
in today 's competitive business environment , that is a recipie for failure .
the management in this ritz carlton could benefit greatly from attending some customer service seminars .
just a thought !
far cry from other ritz properties after staying at the ritz for a little over two hours , i left the hotel .
i confirmed a queen bed with ocean views .
what i got was a two hour wait ( they said they would call my cell when room was ready , which they did not ) before a twin bed room was available overlooking the roof of the ritz spa .
if you like looking at air conditionier units and repair men on the roof then this room was great .
when the manager tried to accomodate me with a king bed with a mountain view , i viewed the room and saw that i was basically looking at the airport with planes landing every 15 minutes . the property is small and there is not too much to do .
the only benefit is that you are close to san juan . do yourself a favor and do not stay at this hotel .
for 400 a night you can do much better . also , make sure you get a confirmation ( not a request ) for the type of room you want if you stay .
if you do not get a confirmation they will stick you anywhere .
terrible service the service at the counter reception area was terrible .
we left things in the safe deposit box in the room .
when we left we immediately call them 20 mins later and the assured me that i could pick my things up at the reception desk .
when i arrived no one knew anything and they said some one had given the room and they would not disturb the new customer .
these were important documents and they were very rude and not one bit helpful .
the food is horrible also .
the talk but not the walk it is no accident that this ritz has low occupancy compared to other hotels in the san juan area .
the service is bad from the get - go ; you get a more inviting welcome at the hampton inn !
you would think from the snotty and pretentious attitudes that this hotel was first class , and people who think that first class means being treated condescendingly will relish their stay here , but frequent travelers will know better .
the typical room is tiny .
the absolute worst ! ! ! do not stay here ! ! !
i have stayed at virtually every ritz carlton property , and this hotel is beyond dreadful ! ! !
the desk staff is rude and extremely unaccomodating .
the rooms are musty and loud ( because of the extremely close proximity to the airport - you could walk there ) .
the bathrooms are full of black mold .
in addition , i found a condom wrapper by the whirlpool .
the food and drinks are bad and costly .
do go elsewhere , trust me ! ! !
do not stay at the ritz carlton san juan this hotel is near the airport and is really better for business than pleasure .
the rooms and halls need refurbished and the service is poor at breakfast , at the pool restaurant and at the beach .
the front desk personell gave poor service upon arrival .
it appears that management has not taught customer service as they exhibit at other ritz carltons we have stayed at in st thomas and in the usa .
do risk it with this place ! ! !
i do not even know where to begin .
let 's start by telling you that this hotel freezes 150$ per night stay on your credit card at check in even if you have already paid , they say it 's for incedintals . lucky for me i called ahead of time and was told by a supervisor we could do $200 for incidentals . at check in we thought everything went smoothly only to find out they froze 600$ .
after getting this fixed we then had another issue at checkout with money , they charged the 200$ even though we paid the $71 we owed with a different card .
now onto the the other issues .
the staff at this hotel are very rude and not helpful at all .
the waitress at the poolside restaurant was by far the worst waitress i have ever had and i only tipped her $1 on a $70 lunch for 4. also they will not allow you to bring a cooler to the private island so we were forced to pay $16 for soda for 4 people and the cups were only about 5oz .
we then had the breakfast buffet at the las brisas cafe which for 2 adults and 2 kids was $80. also everything in this hotel was breaking down constantly .
the elevators , the funicular ( rail car that takes you up and down the cliff side from the rooms to the main lobby area ) , the ticket machine for self parking area , the ferry that takes you to their private island , and 2 of the mornings we were there the emergency alarms went off at 7am ( they were false alarms ) .
the hotel has 2 catamarans that are supposed to take guests to the island but only one was up and running and one of the days we stood in line for 2 hours while they did repairs .
there are also 2 funiculars and only one was working so there were extremely long lines waiting out in the heat to get down to the rooms .
they were making no attempts to fix either the broken catamaran or funicular .
this hotel is nice to look at and the rooms are nice and clean but all the other problems do not make it worth your time or money .
overpriced , terrible service , very noisy this hotel is positioned as a high - end resort .
( and priced accordingly ) .
it is not a luxury hotel and is a terrible value .
the prices are outrageously high , and the service is really lousy .
the hallway outside my room seemed as if it was designed to echo as much noise as possible .
i regularly felt like there were people right in my room with me . . . that 's how clear and loud the conversations were .
the only thing this hotel has going for it is its beautiful location .
my biggest complaint was the food .
as a vegetarian , i expect that my choices will be limited .
but i also expect that restaurant  hotel staff will at least try to accommodate my needs .
i 'm really not that picky .
i was here with a convention of 500+ people .
when i asked for a vegetarian meal at lunch , i was told we do not have anything for you ( and then they put a plate of meat in front of me . )
so i was forced to go order lunch at the outdoor bar ( for another $25 for a very simple meal ) .
at dinner , i was told that they could make me a vegetable plate .
what they brought me was an enormous pile of boiled broccoli , boiled asparagus , and boiled green beans .
i went hungry that night because none of the other restaurants would serve me ( because our convention had booked those restaurants ) .i tried room service once .
i was put on hold and the operator never came back .
i gave up after 5+ minutes .
i ordered a salad ( take - out ) from one of the restaurants .
it was filled with bacon , so i could not eat it .
i travel a lot .
and i 'm an easygoing person .
so when i went to el conq in puerto rico , i expected to have a great time .
and though we found the puerto ricans overall to be truly lovely , genial people , we were shocked at the deceit we experienced at this resort !
definitely watch your back .
things were stolen from our room .
( use the safe ! )
many things were falsely charged to our room , and the front desk did not want to hear about it .
( we made good and certain that they did , and eventually got every line item removed .
but it took a lot of work .
do not wait until your check out time , review your bill in advance !
we did , and it still took two days to straighten out !
front - desk personnel will tell you to your face that they do not want to deal with it . )
astoundingly , every single person checking out when i was ( there were three agents open ) had a bill dispute !
plus , one poor man approached the check - out desk and said , and i quote , my room was broken into .
expect erroneous charges , overall hostility , average rooms , very , very uninteresting location ( no town anywhere near ) and do not expect to see a piece of fruit during your entire stay .
greasy bland food .
expect absolute mediocrity if you choose to stay here .
or better yet , avoid this diabolical dump altogether !
( p . s . - there is zero nightlife here !
absolutely negative nothing ! ! ! ) 
way overpriced , not worth it at all !
the grounds and property at the el conquistador were very impressive .
i heard it was formerly some type of university .
the absence of a beach concerned me , but the shuttle to the private island worked well , and we really enjoyed our time out there .
in many ways i felt like the prices were a rip off .
the hotel campus is quite large and remote , and so you have very limited choices when leaving the campus .
since they know you are largely a captive audience , they really stick it too you .
every meal is 5 times what it should be .
i bought a hamburger and fries one day for my 4 year old and spent 32 dollars .
its price gouging at its worst .
it would be one thing if the food or service was something out of the ordinary , but he food and service is actually sub par .
there was a star bucks in the middle of the lobby , and the prices there seemed cheap !
the rooms are not well insulated for sound , as it was not originally built as a hotel .
we had noisy partying drinking neighbors for two nights , so we got no sleep for that time .
they kept giving you the heavy sale on bottled water at 8 dollars a glass .
i just felt like it was a constant attempt to extract money from us .
it really ruined our vacation .
the cream of the rip off was the shuttle service from the airport .
most hotels are so glad to have you , they give you free shuttle service to and from the hotel .
we were charged 832 dollars for our group of 14 on the day we check out .
nice surprise .
it would be one thing if they warned you or mentioned it anywhere , but no , they left he surprise for the last day .
the bus that brought us there had a terrible mildew smell inside , and the video system broke down that was to give us orientation to the island , then the transmission went out , and we had to go 1 mile per hour for the last 1/4 mile .
it almost did not make it up the hill to the lobby to unload us .
the staff at the hotel was very mediocre .
i would never come to this place again , even if it were free .
it is a beautiful place with so much potential , but they are so greedy to rip you off , it just ruins the whole vacation .
the worst stay ever ! ! ! !
this was the worst stay that i ever had ever !
the service was horrible .
it took over an hour just to get a plate of chips at the ballyhoo bar and grill .
all the restaurants had bad service and so - so food .
also , the prices were really high .
it was $3.50 for a bottle of water .
the room service took a hour and a half for a bowl of cereal and some coffee .
really , the only good thing was the comfort of the beds .
the hotel workers were grumpy and unfriendly .
it took a whole day to get the towels that i had ordered the day before .
the hotel was one hour away from san juan airport and you need to take a bus to the hotel .
there is no beach on the mainland so you have to go to palomino island , but there could be bad weather so you ca not go to the beach all the time .
the las olas pool and the water park pools are not heated .
there is no jacuzzi at the water park and the shady seats are very , very limited .
the normal seats are limited , too .
the jacuzzi at las olas had brown water and towels are very had to come by , so if you see some , grab them .
we stayed at the marina , so we had to take trams to go up to the main hotel area .
the first few times are o . k , but it gets old .
the direction to hold on to the rails comes on after the tram moves .
all the rooms were recently renovated , but we thought that we were staying at a beachfront motel it looked so cheap .
we thought the furniture was from ikea .
the service at the front desk takes minimum fifteen minutes to speak to someone , and they sound like they do not care .
my daughter thought that this was horrible and would not go back even if there was first class airfare all expenses paid .
our trip was all expenses paid and it was still bad .
the food was good at the strip house .
they have great steak .
a glass of wine costs at least fifteen to twenty dollars per glass .
they do not leave chocolates on your pillow when they clean the room .
if they say they are a four star hotel , (we could not believe it ) , they should act like it .
my final words are , do not go .
here is a handmade chart on ratings . service - poorfood - so - socleanliness - goodactivities - poor 
how sad if you were to be blindfolded and dropped off at this place the only thing you would know is that you were on an island somewhere .
my husband and i are not golfers and the prettiest part of the hotel is the golf course .
we stayed in las vistas wing in which you were awakened to what seemed like a jack - hammering noise probably due to old water pipes .
the elevators were broken since the day we arrived and we were on the fifth floor . there was no tropical atmosphere in your room whatsoever . the food was beyond below expectations .
again , being in puerto rico a person would expect to have some kind of local foods to sample .
if we would have eaten at ihop the food would have been better .
we attended a semi - formal event in which we were served hockey - pucks .
thankfully we were there on a business reward otherwise my review would prabably be worse .
i feel bad for the fact that our company had to dish out money to this place where we could have had more fun in south florida .
the only good point is that the staff is friendly .
the worst part of the whole place was the fact that if you wanted to go to san juan or elsewhere , which you wanted to , it was an hour and a half out .
we spent half a day on sitting on buses .
there are plenty of hotels within three miles of the airport which are cheaper and better worth your time .
it is truly false advertising for them to state they are a luxury hotel .
whoever owns this hotel is truly milking it for the business events .
two stars at best .
this is the type of hotel which makes you not want to returnt to puerto rico .
not the same i recently stayed at the las casitas in the el conquistador during the tail end of my honeymoon .
we came off a beautiful cruise to the southern caribbean with royal caribbean and thought what better time to visit the beautiful el conquistador .
i had stayed here approximately 3 years ago and loved the entire experience .
this experience , however , left much to be desired . i booked a 1 bedroom villa in the las casitas .
when we arrived , the room had not been cleaned .
the refuse laid on the front landing .
additionally , we paid $500.00 for a oceanview .
for one to see the ocean you must go out on the front landing and look around the palm trees .
we made the best of the stay becase of our prior experience ; that was until we went to dinner .
being from ny , we are accostumed to higher prices , however , this was insulting .
the restaurants were mediocre at best .
during our previous stay , we were entitled to a complimentary breakfast at the las casitas .
when we awoke , we did not see the same continental breakfast .
we asked the wait staff and were told : there is new management , no more breakfast .
we visited the concierge and were informed that the information given by the waitstaff was correct ; the new management eliminated the breakfast .
subsequently , i had the $18.00 golden spa egg white omelet .
we complained to the concierge about the messy , outdated villa .
as a result , they moved our room , but informed us that he could not assist us further .
he promised to send a bellboy to assist us with our luggage .
unfortunately , he forgot .
i called and voiced my frustration .
a bellboy arrived and brought us to a new room .
the room was better , but not worth the rate .
we became so frustrated that we contacted the airline and cut our visit short .
the airline informed us that it would cost an additional $200.00 per person .
it was worth salvaging our wonderful honeymoon experience .
when we called the concierge , they did not seem surprised . overall , the resort has beautiful property , but the el conquistador seemed to be open to the public as a day resort which made for crowded pools and a not so luxorious las casitas .
it was very disappointing because we loved it so much on our previous visit .
i was relieved that when we boarded the shuttle bus to the airport an older couple echoed the same sentiments about this disappointing visit .
additionally , they informed us that they paid $280.00 per night for the same room .
i would not recommend this resort to anybody in the future .
it is unfortunate because the property is beautiful , but definitely not worth the money for the food alone .
sewage backed up in the shower - bad management we went down for a wedding for 3 nights . we had a dead animal smell in our first room . the shower backed up sewage ( while my wife was getting ready for the wedding ) in our second room . the management was reluctant to do anything to make the situation right .
puerto rico is beautiful .
el conquistador needs new management . stay somewhere else .
do not stay there !
my husband  i just returned from a stay at the el conquistador .
do not stay there !
yes , for the most part , the negative reviews posted on trip advisor are true . the bellman summed it up very simply , nothing is free at this hotel except the air .
they charge you for everything , parking , tennis , the gym , etc .
in addition to that , everything is expensive .
bottled water is $6.00, a simple greek salad ( very small ) is $19.00, and dinner for 2 at the italian restaurant ran us $180.00.
we found the food in the restaurants to be mediocre at best .
after our $180 experience we started eating off the property .
there are many very good restaurants in the area . although the boat ride to the beach is fun , it only ran every half hour at best .
this was not very convenient , especially if we left the property for a trip and returned in the afternoon .
there was not enough time to park the car , walk back to the room quickly , and use the tram to get to the boat , when the last boat back was at 5:00.
i did not go all the way to puerto rico to sit by the pool . the room we had was very outdated and it looked like it had not been renovated since the 80's .
the furniture was beat looking and also damaged .
it looked like furniture you would expect if you were paying $69.00 a night , not $430.00 a night !
the room did not have a balcony , or a refrigerator .
we were provided a cooler which kept water cool as long as i kept adding ice to it two times a day . i also was not pleased with their customer service .
one day i was changing my clothes and a stranger walked in my room .
unfortunately a bellman let him in to the wrong room .
when i went to the front desk , very upset , the clerk was helpful , and brought the manager over to me .
he apologized to me , but did not offer anything from the hotel to apologize .
even after i stated , sorry does not cut it for me , you can at the very least comp me a meal , the manager told me he would get back to me .
forty - five minutes later , my husband went back down to give him an earful about customer service . the el conquistador hotel is located in a beautiful location , but they need to irenovate their outdated hotel rooms , improve the quality of their restaurants , and customer service .
so many flaws , i started keeping a list if ever there were a hotel in need of a complete makeover from top to bottom , it is the el conquistador .
as another poster put it , this resort is way past its prime .
it 's a good thing they 're remodeling .
very few things were noticably good .
lots were bad .
here is my list , starting with the good : my main complaint was the food and drink prices .
i guess when you go to a resort , you are taking yourself out of the free market where competition drives prices down and you kind of expect it .
but at the el con , they 've gone mad .
a 2- person meal with wine was well over $100 ( at all restaurants - - there were no bargain places ) .
small drinks by the pool and private island were $8 each .
there was no escape other than to purchase an over - priced bottle of liquor or wine and make your own drinks .
good luck doing that on the beach ( the only one is on the private island ) .
we attempted to order pizza from dominoes and pizza hut , but they said that el con security prevents delivery .
breakfast was $25 each . . . does that give you an idea of how bad this place was ?
as for the room , there were chips and stains all over including couch , lampshades , walls , floors , etc .
it was small and there was mildew in shower .
tv and _jambox_ ( circa 1995) were awful .
on one particular outing to find ice , i found that the 5th floor ice machine was broken . . . as was the one on the 4th floor .
finally i found ice on the third floor but could not help but notice that the stairwell light was out ( and dangerous ) and all three ice machines were completely different .
a nitpick ? yes .
but this is supposed to be a 5- star resort . when trying to rent a car one night ( to get the hell out of there ) we found that the car rental guy had skipped out 15 minutes early . . . dooming us to another night trapped at the resort .
we later found out all rentals had to be 24 hours and were at least $80 for an economy . . . not worth it . the service was not really too bad except for an incident where we waited 30-45 minutes for a corkscrew and two wine glasses ( after asking two separate workers ) and finally i had to go get them myself from a bar near the casino .
took me 5 minutes . there was no wireless internet which , for a technophile like myself , was a major pain .
there was wired internet in the hotel room , but that prevented sitting on the balcony with my laptop .
internet was $15 per day . the gift shops were overpriced and pretty crappy .
most of them looked like mostly empty shelves with a few dusty , random items placed on the shelves .
on two separate occassions , i noticed that the cigar humidor doors were sitting wide open which dries out the cigars .
bring your own . the activities were there , but all expensive .
frankly , i did not trust the hotel enough to provide me with a good value for the money , so i cancelled a scuba diving session .
the private island was cool , i guess , and the ferries over there were prompt and fast ( a recent improvement , i learned ) .
however , the horseback riders went by at one point and i noticed . . . they were not on the beach and they were walking slowly in a controlled single - file line .
if you think you 're going to ride a horse freely on the beach , forget it .
also , the beach was nasty with seaweed and jagged coral and rocks pretty much anywhere you attempted to walk .
hardly anybody was in the water . the casino was small and had no texas hold - em poker .
just mindless games of chance . all the gift shops and restaurants took paper records of all purchases .
what was the point of the swipable card they gave us if not to charge things to the room ?
by the way , the cards had our names printed in black on a black background , so all the waiters and service people had to ask my last name .
again , a nitpick , but a further demonstration of the lack of attention to detail .
when you added them all up , they got annoying when you 're supposed to be having a good time . the final straw of this place 's suckiness was the unexpected $132 charge for two people for shuttle service to and from the airport .
there 's nothing worse i hate than completely unexplained , unanticipated charges , especially ones that are an obvious money - grab . the best part of the resort was the infinity pool which is , technically , off limits to el con guests .
it 's for the las casitas people only ( the golf villas on site ) .
but as you 'd expect from the el con staff , nobody cared or noticed that we just walked right in .
that was the only part that was actually good . the bottom line is , by choosing this resort , you are submitting to the price gouging and crappiness .
my travelling companion and i both agreed that puerto rico is probably best done in a 5 star hotel near san juan .
that way , the competitive forces of being able to walk down the street to a twice - as - nice , half - as - expensive steakhouse ( not to mention other things like rainforest tours , scuba , etc ) start to have a positive effect . avoid the el con at all costs .
a disaster from start to finish review written dec 10, 2006 - i visited the el conquistador from dec 2-9, 2006 with a large group of about 500 people for a corporate meeting/convention .
to begin , our company provided us with some cash upon arrrival for use during the week .
at several times during the week , about 20 or so of my colleagues were robbed from their rooms of cash , passports , cell phones and pda 's including from their in - room safe , which suggested an inside job .
these robberies took place while we were in meetings during the day .
security was contacted and they made reports to the management .
those who were robbed were made to feel that it was their fault .
security even told one of my colleagues that the whole situation was overblown , which in my mind was absurd .
even one robbery was too many in my estimation ! !although advertised as a 5 star resort , the rooms were very tired and desperately in need of a complete overhaul .
my first room ( i moved after one night ) when i arrived at midnight had water all over the floor and the carpet was soaking wet .
the room smelled of mildew .
the bathrooms were not clean either .
until the hotel addresses their security concerns , and does some major upgrading , i would recommend you pass on the el conquistador for the time being .
hardly worth the money , and certainly not a 5 star resort in my opinion .
beware of this property first and worst is the theft ring that works the property from the inside , while the resort claims this is not a usual problem . . the more we investigate the more we find this is very much the norm , even rampant there and we have only been checking into this for a few hours since we returned .
we spoke with other guests that left at the same time who had money , laptops , and jewelry stolen .
the police was even called but never responded .
i had an mp3 player stolen from my room and my video camera from the banquet room it is very obvious that keys are used and nothing is forced . while the view is spectacular , our room was not .
we were dissapointed to find the bathroom to be very worn with peeling toilet seats , cracked sink and mildew in the shower/tub .
they even had vhs player instead of dvd . . that speaks to when the rooms were last updated .
but this was just the begining .
our first experience with the wait staff was bordering on rude almost everywhere we went .
almost all the food was dry and rubbery and seems to be that boxed , frozen and fried foods from costco type companies . . nothing is very fresh at the pool and beach areas except the nicer restraunts that have decent service and are only open at night .
i left the resort crying for real food with some actual nutritional value .
there are no vegetables and you would think that fruit would be a big part of a tropical island but to my surprise they were stingy with the fruits and vegies all over the island .
the el conquistador has no real representation of latin food so the puerto rican experience is non - existant here .
we left the compound to get that . the beach was tiny and you have to go to palomino island to get to it , they have reggaeton music blareing through a bad sound system the whole time so you cant enjoy the sound of the ocean .
( it 's also at poolside too , but that is a party atmosphere ) the cocktail service at the beach was served to us by people who would rather be anywhere else , and usually were . the staff at the entrance of the hotel ( bellmen , valet etc . . were very nice until our exit ) you are held captive unless you want to rent a car at 100.00 a day to start .
they told us not to go anywhere unless you take one of thier tours due to unsafe conditions around the island .
so you can stay and keep using your room key to charge to .
we did rent a car and enjoyed other parts of puerto rico which were amazing though . .
i would stay somewhere . . almost anywhere else !
we felt safer everywhere except at the el conquistador .
the security presence is mostly at the entrance and exit areas and that is it . the hotel is still investigating our theft claim and i can only hope they will do something to make us feel like they care , but i am under the impression they are quite aware of this problem and have decided to do nothing about it , or . . . . . you fill in the blanks on that part . . .
i did . we had the enjoyment of having a great travel agent who booked all the check in logisitcs for us so the the front desk issues were easy to handle .
this was a corporate function and our agent was right there on site taking care of us .
he was the best thing about the trip .
a nightmare vacation my husband an i and my parents arrived there very excited , my husband was there for the medical symposium conference . we checked in to a nightmare of a room , my parents an i were given adjoining rooms , mine was a room for the handicapped , which only had a shower .
we had no air conditioner for the first three days we were there on the second day i let housekeeping know that the room was very hot and humid making our clothes and our bedsheets very moist and musty , it was so humid on the second night i actually had an asthma attack , i went down to the front desk and it took them till the third day to fix the problem . the worst part was the shower , since it was a room for the handicapped it had an open shower which allowed the water to flood the bathroom everytime you tried to shower it got so bad that the water was actually seeping out in to the hallway , making it a very dangerous situation .
again i told housekeeping and the only thing i got was a bunch of rolled up towels along the floor to soak up water again they never reported the problem .
on the third day i slipped and fell injurying my right knee when i hit the floor , also the water reached the closet in the bathroom and all our shoes were soaking wet the maid helped me put them out on the balcony to dryi was in tears .
at that point i went to the front desk to complain only to be given the run around , it took 25 min of waiting before anyone would actually come out to speak with me , i would think that if someone got hurt at a major hotel someone would be out in 2 seconds to handle the problem , well i lost it and demanded to speak with the hotel manager , which by the way we never saw , they sent the room director who basically said they did not have another room to give us at that time , and who never reported the fall i took in the bathroom no incident report was ever filed by mr angelo perez .
i was appalled at how insensitive this whole situation was treated .
we arrived there on feb 5th and were not offered a room change until feb 10th which we turned down since they would not move my parents with us .
he did offer us a complimentary dinner at what he said was their best restaurant , to which we were told we would have to pay for our own drinks , at the restaurant we were seated at a table in a corner near the kitchen , making us feel like bad children , it was a lackluster meal at best and we felt like we were being punished .
my husband conveyed this entiment to the room director on feb 11th , he called us back and said that they wanted to move us to one of the casitas , in their haste they deactivated our room keys with all our things still in our rooms , i lost it and went back to the front desk and told them to let us back in our rooms and that with 2 days left in our stay we would not be moving there really was no point .
on feb 12th mr perez ask my husband to meet with him , we were offered a 1000.00
refund for our trouble and 2 free nights , only to find out that out of the 1000.00
credit they were deducting the 2 free nights and the complimentary dinner they had given us on friday night , when i asked about that the response i got was well we have to pay the restaurant for the meal somehow , it was awful .
they also over charged us for the transfer from the airport to the hotel which they had to review and take off and . the fact that i fell in their hotel bathroom , or had an asthma attack directly related to the hot , humid room or that i had to wear wet shoes to the so - called complimentary dinner and the attitude we recieved from the staff , seem to have no effect on them at all .
it was shameful and humiliating for us , my expierience at this hotel will never be forgotten , but the worst part is that in beingan ocuupational therapist and my husband a physician we made it clear that if that bathroom was a hazard for us imagine how dangerous it would be for truly physically disabled person , to which the response was what would you like us to do ? if you plan to stay there , make sure you are told everything , the hidden housekeeping charge of 3.00 per day the charge for the bellman as well as a resort tariff , whatever that is .
the rooms were dusty and dirty , plates removed from our room were left in front of our door all day with flies buzzing around it was disgusting i had to finally take the plates away myself and put them in the ice room , also the ice machines on our floor were broken , and the worst was having to push dirty wet towels around on the floor used to soak up the water on the bathroom floor after showers , they did send up someone to unclog the drain , but the water still flooded the floor , so we resorted to taking showers in my parents room , which had a tub .
the food is very expensive and and not very good at all , which we elected to eat outside of the hotel . it was an awful hotel and made for a very bad vacation , so i caution anyone before choosing this place .
do not go . .
not what it seems i should start off by saying my husband and i have 4 children and thought we were getting away to a luxurious retreat together , boy were we wrong ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the inside of the hotel was clean , i suppose that 's because they did not want you to run out right away .
the outside was absolutely atrocius , the pool was dirty , the bathrooms were so smelly and disgusting i had to walk back to my room to go .
our room by the way had gum on the head board and a pack of someones cigarettes still next to the bed upon check in .
customer service was certainly lacking , do not dare ask for any help or to clean the pool .
i felt like i was back in disney world with the amount of children , i am not against them , but they were all locals getting everything for free or almost nothing on the friends and family deal .
they rip you off for everything .
we were going to book a trip to the bioluminecent bay it was 65.00$ a person we walked right around the corner from the hotel and got it for half the price throughthe same company and it was the same trip , the wyndam charges double and takes there half .
my husband wears a suit and tie everyday for work , there was no way he was putting pants on to eat on vacation , i could see if he a tank top or something but he had khaki shorts and a golf shirt , but was unacceptable , yet men were wearing jeans .
the whole place needs to be taken over , it has wonderful potential .
needless to say we wo not be returning and from the talks we had with people there neither will anyone else .
overrated , overpriced disaster the staff in this hotel were rude and obnoxious .
the food was expensive and awful .
the room we were placed in was damp , moldy and our comforter on our bed had large yellow stains on it .
the best choice on the island for a high scale hotel is the westin .
sadly disappointed i was so excited to go with my family but left very disappointed and vowing to avoid any wyndham hotel ever again .
there are cobwebs on the lamps at the concierge desk , 80% of the hotel staff were downright rude , the beach was pointless and dirty , the hotel room and bathroom lighting were terrible so i had to do my makeup each morning on the porch with the sunlight , room noise was bad , there are zero vending machines so you ca not get a coke/snack , light fixtures in our room were missing light bulbs , we requested a rollaway ( never got it ) , and the shower has no water pressure .
not to mention that the maid did not actually clean the bathroom very well .
carpets within the hotel were dirty and stained and the food was average , if not plain boring .
whoever heard of mac and cheese with no cheese ?
the surrounding foliage is beautiful and the iguana feedings are definitely a highlight !
i know wyndham and super 8 motels are owned by the same people and i have to say , it was just a dressed up super 8. spend your money at the mariott or hyatt where you and your family will be treated like a guest , not a herd of cattle .
stay away from this place i was contacted by this hotel to come down to see about vacation ownership .
when we got there and decided not to upgrade to an ocean view room , the very rude man who attended to us told us we were reserved for a garden view room .
he kept pushing the upgrade and we declined .
we got the room keys and went down to the first floor .
he placed us in the end room and the only view we had was that overlooking parked trucks alongside a road .
noise . .noise . . . noise .
we said ok we might stay there but then noticed stains in the bedding and an odor in the room .
we called and told them the accommodations were not acceptable and asked to be moved and were told that someone would call us back shortly .
after waiting for almost an hour without a call back , we called again and did speak to a lady who utlimately moved us to the sixth floor .
the room was ok , just barely .
there was only one problem .
my partner starting itching on the first night .
she overlooked it and we went and purchased alcohol and rubbed it on the back of her legs and her entire back .
the second night , we really did not sleep but sat up most of the night .
i called down to complain that there was something wrong in the room because we were both itching .
no response and no one came .
we slept the last night and when she got up next morning , i was itching but her entire back including buttocks , legs and arms were covered in welts .
we went to the front desk and the lady said it must have been mosquitos and i had to affirm for her that mosquitos are not able to turn people over and only bite on the backs as they sleep .
i again raised the issue when we were checking out and nothing happened .
the clerks words to me , well , we will have to send engineering to fumigate the room .
while i was there , several other guests were complaining of being bitten up in the rooms .
when we got home , we were informed that the bites seems to come from bedbugs , chiggers or some other form of insect .
she had to , and is still taking medication to get relief from this scourge .
there was never an apology given nor was an attempt made to resolve this issue .
a related issue .
i paid $250 for the privelege of allowing this property to attempt to sell me a timeshare .
i would think that if you are attempting to schmooze someone , you would show them and give them the best you have .
this was not the case .
so for my $250, we caught hell .
this is the worst time i had ever spent in a hotel in my 50 years of traveling .
we could hear dogs barking most of the night in some of the rooms and the floors were never really kept clean .
we sat out on the beach cafe to have lunch and the no - seeums ate us and everyone else alive .
one guy was asking why they were not spraying and the worker commented , we are accustomed to them .
no one gave a hoot about customers . i would not recommend this property to anyone .
their customer service stinks .
i also tried to make a reservation to play tennis with the pro while i was there .
i made contact with the concierge well in advance (2 weeks ) and through several e - mails , he indicated that the pro would be in touch with me .
after being there two days and not hearing anything , i went to the pro shop and told the young lady how unprofessional it was for a pro not to return a simple call .
i was about to give this man $90 per hour to hit with me and i wanted to hit for about 4 hours .
i never heard from him until i went there about 8:30am and complained .
i had called before i went down and when i got there , the young lady said he had gone to lunch .
i guess lunch was more important than attending to a customer 's needs .
he did call around 4:00 pm to see if i wanted to hit .
at about this time , i had had it with this property and everyone there .
the internet did not work in the room where i was and i was promised someone would come and take care of it for me .
that never happened .
i had to go to the lobby and ride on the wireless to do what i had to do and most often , that did not work .
go somewhere else !
i booked this resort because i received a magnificent deal from cheapcaribbean . com .
that was my first mistake .
we had room problems from day 1.
my husband and i had left home at 5:30 in the morning to catch our flight .
we were put into a room at the hotel with an air conditioner that was not working properly .
instead of just changing our room , they kept sending up the engineer .
after 2 times , the engineer said he needed to change our thermostat .
my husband had to go down stairs and request a room change at 10:00 at night b/c we wanted to sleep after a long day .
they did not want to give us the room change either b/c they said they were fixing the problem by changing the thermostat .
it was obviously going to take a little while .
finally , after requesting the manager , we got a room change . the rooms in rio mar are very standard .
for a hotel that claims to be so luxurious , their rooms are far from it .
they are not all that clean .
we found hairs and dust on our floors when we first walked in .
there were stains on the carpets and sheets .
the rooms are very plain .
nothing special about them at all . when i received my hotel bill to checkout , i had been charged for 2 nights of valet parking when my husband and i self - parked the whole week .
when i asked them to change the bill , one of the girls at the front desk started speaking spanish to the other girl behind the front desk doubting my honesty about self - parking .
unfortunately for them , i understand spanish very well and was very pissed off about the situation .
kelly , at the front desk , continued to argue with me saying it was not a big deal that she spoke spanish about me .
i was very upset with her level of service and will be writing a letter to wyndham corporate especially about her lack of customer service . overall , i would say go somewhere else .
even though my husband and i got a great deal , it was not at all worth it .
i have stayed at many better places in puerto rico .
do not let the wyndham ruin your experience on this beautiful island .
there is bad , then there is the wyndham !
average rooms .
there are some good restaurants but their sea food place shimas is a real disaster .
the salad dressings are worse than the ones you could buy at a local grocery store from kraft .
the food was not even seasoned , just imagine a 5 year old cooking a lobster and that is what you should expect from this place .
there where video/audio monitors at the gym but you have to provide your own headphones , i have traveled the world and never seen a hotel miss such little details .
the rooms where noisy .
beds ok .
internet access is plug - in , but not plug  play .
you need a computer degree to figure it out . i definitely recommend staying at el conquistador or caribe hilton for a better experience and superb restaurants .
do not rent from resort villa rentals !
we rented an ocean villa from resort villa rentals .
during our stay we had a group enter our condo with a key claiming to have rented the same condo , repair men in our condo 5 of 7 days until the concierge finally told us the problem would not be fixed until after we left , broken air conditioners , broken freezer , no washcloths , and numerous other smaller problems .
xavier and beby would not return our phone calls or emails .
i have been unable to reach them since we have returned home .
security is deplorable and this company is completely unresponsive to problems .
i expected basic appliances to be functioning ( i . e . the refrigerator and freezer ) but they were not .
i highly recommend visiting puerto rico but do not rent from resort villa rentals .
not for conferences groups who need internet no internet !
my employer booked this hotel for a one week worldwide sales conference .
this was a group of about 300 people .
some presenters had to have internet working in order to present .
most of the attendees also needed internet to check email and get some work done . the wi - fi internet network did not work at all the first day and even after the hotel it added one wife router , the network was still not working . other issues .
the food and drink prices are double what you find in the local places .
the first two complimentary water bottles in the room were not replaced .
there were maintenance going late at night where they used a very potent chemical which smell would get inside the room through the door jamb gap making me feel sick for a couple nights . finally the beach is not so great .
el condado beach in san juan is much better .
not for couples the main problem is that the hotel is trying to be all things to all types of people ; couples and families and the dining experiences are not good .
admittedly we came during the school vacation time but the hotel should still be meeting the needs of its other guests too .
my husband wanted to play some golf and we both wanted some sun .
the website showed photos of couples and couples dining in the restaurants - giving the feel of a resort that did encourage romantic breaks as well as families - and there was an adults only pool .
so , we gave it a go . . . however , we could not escape children - they were allowed in the adult pool from babies upwards . .
we did mention this to the staff but they didnt do anything .
all dining rooms allowed children at all hours in buggies with toys .
there was not a romantic meal to be had anywhere . . . and the food generally was quite poor .
we tried to spend each day out of the hotel .
so do check out what kind of level of romantic setting you want before booking or check that they have improved their practices . (lastly ,
when we checked - in they said that we had been upgraded - however , on arriving at the room it was pokey and not much of a view which i had paid extra for .
i didnt like the room and once the children in the room next door started yelling through the adjoining door we asked to be moved to the room i originally booked .
strangely this room was better than the supposedly upgraded one ; larger and better view - so if you are told you are being upgraded ask to see both before deciding . )
think twice before booking rio mar beach resort  we stayed at the rio mar beach resort  spa on a business/vacation trip .
service in the hotel and restaurants was awlful .
food selection was very limited and overpriced .
maid service was scarce .
rooms were dirty from the dust on the furniture , dirty showers , dust bunnies on the floors and gritty tile floors .
bed linens were not changed on a daily basis , ac was lowered or turned off in the evening hours by the hotel i guess to conserve electricity .
chasing down shower supplies and laundry bags in the halls from the chamber maids .
we had a load of laundry washed , no dry cleaning , 25 items mostly socks and underwear washed .
$97.00 for one load of laundry that propably got washed in a massive washer along with all the other laundry .
we asked to use a washer and dryer , there are none on the property .
transportation costs were staggering .
the adult pool had white slimy scum floating all around the edge of the pool , pool deck was not kept clean .
one of the barmaids spilled a drink off her tray onto the pool deck and it sat there all day .
no one even bothered to clean it up .
unfortunately it was in front of our $150 cabana .
so we had to walk around it all day .
i was very dissappointed in this hotel , we usually stay at the marriott properties .
i will not be booking anymore wyndham properties , that is for sure . . . .
stay away if you like properties that are in deep need of a refurbishment head straight for this resort .
for example , carpets are worn , walls need painting and linens tattered .
i was shocked by the sad shape of the ocean front room we occupied .
to begin with , our toilet did not flush they tried to repair it ( we had to use the end of our hairbrush to flush it ) we asked to be moved and was told they had no other ocean front room available .
our mini bar was filled with mold and every time the air conditioner clicked on it sounded as if the door was being slammed .
the poor physical shape of the hotel was matched by the inattentive , unaccommodating front desk staff .
expensive my boyfriend and i stayed from the 16-20 of march .
the food was expensive and mediocre at best .
$50 for hamburger and chicken wrap sandwich w . 2 drinks . . . ouch !
the beach was rough and the sand reminded me of dirt .
they charge $25 to rent a fridge .
twice by accident .
( was credited afterwards ) .
was charged for parking when we did not have a car .
( was credited afterwards ) went on a wonderful horseback ride ( $72/person for 2 hours ) .
when we got there , they asked if we were going on the 1 hour or 2 hour ride .
my boyfriend and i looked @ ea . other because we were under the assumption that the 2 hr .
ride ( booked through the hotel ) was our only option .
enjoyed the ride but later complained to raquel/rachel in which she credited us 10% of the bill .
she was very nice and professional .
unlike the lady at concierge w . the short hair cut .
she practically ignored me when i approached her at the desk . . . .kept her head down and was typing while i stood there for atleast a minute .
finally , another concierge assisted me ( only after the rest of them were confused about the whole ordeal ) .
i complained about her unprofessionalism to rachel as well .
she assured me that she would handle that .
bedding was another issue .
gross . . . . blood and other stains on the comforter inside of the duvet .
give me a break !
spoke to ana ( head of made service ) .
after a few weak attempts to correct the problem , i finally called her up to see for herself .
finally , everything was re - placed with fresh and clean linen ; straight from the dryer .
we rented an expensive car ( but managed to get a discount from my job $56 /15% off . . . highly recommend trying to get a discount from aaa or wherever ) on the 3rd day we wanted to go to old san juan , parking is free the 1st night .
next day a bill for $15 parking .
spoke to carrol ( this is a man with waxed eye - brows . . . how u doin ? ) anyways , he had the audacity to say that he never heard of parking being free the first night and he 's been there 4 a year .
needless to say , my boyfriend and i had enough with the shenanigans from this hotel and wanted to break his neck .
he was very arrogant and treated us as if we were lying .
( we were right and he was wrong ) .
it was removed from the bill .
needless to say , seconds later , another guests was up and arms with him .
went to timeshare presentation , stayed an hour , wanted to leave , received $75 but no trip .
went back the next day and the lady said she forgot . . . oh brother !
chose hawaii over florida but the hotel in hawaii does not look good .
so , we 'll see ! recommendations : antojitos , carabali bar n grill - rio grande area ( this also has the horseback riding with a stop at the mamayes river ) food was great . . . gotta go there !
angus steak and lobster tail $30.
old san juan , castillo fort , old harbor restaurant - osj .
rent the car by the day so that you can get the 1st day of free parking as it is expensive as well to park at the hotel . i do not recommend wyndham rio mar .
if you do stay check your bill and be prepared to pay $$$ especially the taxi and deal with arrogant people : ( ps .
the timewarner people were chanting 7:30 in the morning .
just because you guys did not pay for your trip , does not mean that you should wake all the other paying guests up in the morning with your noise ! adios !
an overpriced *conference* resort this was the first holiday we were taking with our 4 month baby and wanted to minimize travel - hence our choice to go for an all inclusive resort .
we were sadly so disappointed !
my husband and i have stayed at several resorts around the world and rio mar was by a long stretch , the least value for money . firstly , walking into rio mar felt like we had walked into a conference . there were business executives walking around with their conference badges ( who looked like they needed a vacation ! ) .
so please know that this is not a 'quiet or exclusive ' resort .
it 's choc - o - bloc with business travelers . an extension of the point above - everything is priced like you have an expense account .
we ate at 3 restaurants and each meal averaged $75 ( not including taxes ) there were *many* entrees and appetizers that were repetitive across the restaurants , especially between marbella ( the breakfast place ) and aqua luna ( the more formal restaurant ) .
the entrees at aqua luna was not anything to rave about and the staff ( manager included ) could not make any worthwhile wine recommendations .
shimas - the sushi restaurant was lovely and we would highly recommend it .
some housekeeping stuff that left us perplexed - 1) most mornings we were out and when we returned at noon , the room service had not come in to clean the room .
for 4 days in a row , they came in only close to 4pm . 2) they do not replace the first complimentary bottle of water with a 'pay as you consume ' bottle which is the case in all resorts we have been too .
when my husband enquired they said , above the cost of the bottle , there would be a $5 room delivery fee !3)
after we discovered that the minibar in our room was locked , we were told that the minibars do not function - they have stopped providing this service all together ! ! so the minibar is like a piece of furniture : ) we did however enjoy the beach and the pools ! ! but really the hotel needs to improve their service , or at the very least improve their standards for the price they are charging for hospitality .
too many negatives there are too many negatives to recommend this hotel , especially at the prices that you will be expected to pay . there are many reviews highlighting the bulk of the problems , so i will try to just hit the low notes .1.
i arrived without a reservation , yet despite being a whyndam by request ember ( which is their version of a priority guest ) , despite the fact that the hotel advertised a web price of $228, the hotel would not honor this , even after confirming that i was correct , they stuck fastidiously to their walk in rate of $269.
despite the fact that it was out of season and the hotel was only 35% full .2.
at no time was i advised of the hotel policy of 14% resort charge , which for me came to $37 per night .
in season , this charge can run $50 - 60 per night .3.
what does the resort fee cover you would ask ?
because i was still charged a valet parking fee of $21 per night inc tax ( self parking 200 yards away is $15) .
and this despite the fact that most guests wait 10 - 15 minutes for their car , even when there is no one else waiting !
twice we arrived at valet to find no one was on duty , and we waited 10 minutes for someone to saunter back from lunch .
i guess this is the consequence of being prepaid for a service .4.
two drinks at marabella restaurant , which is a denny 's take off , one double rum and coke and a miniscule glass of house white wine $25.
entrees $25 - 50, side salad $11-14.5.
the off color khaki sand beach was littered with garbage , some half buried , some laying obviously on top of the sand .
add to this the dirty stained plastic strap cheap beach chairs , the ambience speaks for itself .6.
the first night we stood behind twelve people waiting for a seat at the only open roulette table .
when i asked the pit boss if he would be opening another table , he snarled no !7, two out of three days housekeeping forgot to replenish coffee , sugar , sweeteners etc .
which is a necessity unless you are taking the $25 breakfast . unless you are puerto rican , i have to question why anyone from overseas would come here .
the hotel lacks atmosphere , there is absolutely nothing to do for kids and teenagers after dark , nor adults for that matter . having been to the very expensive paradise island and loving it , i feel at least there you get great service , great food , incredible beaches , dozens of water rides , excellent restaurants , great entertainment and innumerable things to do . alternatively south florida has a myriad of superior beaches , with better hotel choices , standards and prices than the rio .
do not come here !
the first room the hotel put us in had a view of a wall 10' away .
when we asked for another room , we were placed above the entrance so we got all the bus fumes and noise from the bellmen and valets for 5 days .
we asked for a beach view room , but were told there was nothing else available for all of the five days we were there .
when over $300 was taken from our room , we were told perhaps we never had it or we had left our door open . there is a mandatory addtional tip fee of $12 for the bellman to bring your carry - aboard suitcase to your room .
also , a $4/day tip to the cleaning lady in addition to what they may have already helped themselves to .
you will not know this till you have already tipped everyone and checked out .
stay away ! ! ! ! !
they list 8 restaurants on their website . . . but most were not open ( i think that that 's a pretty important little detail , do not you ? )
it is in the middle of nowhere so you ca not easily go out . the room was dirty , they want to charge extra for everything . the beach is very near a river outlet , so the water was somewhat murky , with litter washed - up on the beach . . . .nice . we have been around ( a lot ) and this was unquestionably the worst hotel experience ever ! ! ! ( and we have stayed in some real flee bags ! )
huge disappointment !
big disappointment . . . beware !
did not live up to the westin name .
from beginning to end , there were issues .
we arrived on a thursday and the hotel was sold out the night before .
we were told room would be ready by 3pm ; by 5pm we checked in with the front desk who said they had 2 rooms ( we were with anther couple ) but at opposite sides of the hotel .
we preferred to wait for the same building - and he said it would be shortly .
at 7pm , we finally got into 1 room and at 8:30 the other .
the room our friends got was a huge one bedroom suite at the same rate we were paying ( rates are overpriced anyway for this run down , non - luxury hotel as they claim to be ) our dinner resv .
for 8pm at the grille room turned into being seated at 10:30- at which time they were out of steaks and french onion soup ( why bother going to a steakhouse ? ? ) our keys did not work , the rooms were boring , dirty , old and certainly not luxurious like advertised . the beach was ok at best - the pools were nice but dirty - never saw any staff member cleaning debris from the rains out of the pools .
the front desk was always harried and disorganized , the concierge would disappear for 25 mins at a time .
lucky for pailo - the only good service and good food .
they need a change in management badly .
will never return this was our 10th trip to puerto rico - -our 2nd stay at the westin .
our first stay about 5 years ago was excellent - -room upgrade , etc .
this trip ( and now we are gold level starwood card holders ) was terrible .
when booking we told our travel agent we did not want a mountain view room - -so she booked us a resort view which would be pool/partial ocean view with a king bed .
when we arrived we were assigned a mountain view room with two beds .
we very nicely contacted the front desk , and they tried to explain that this was the resort view room even though the view was of the mountains ! ! they , however , did move us to a different room with a king bed still overlooking the mountains and also the roof of the parking garage .
we stayed there one night .
the entire night there was a whistling sound that went on and off all day and night .
we explained our situation and after standing at the desk for 2 hours were moved to a room with a view of a service road and again two beds .
being a starwood gold level member meant nothing to anyone at the hotel .
we spent the remaining days in this room with no wash cloths most of the days - -no coffee all days - -had to call down for a hair dryer , etc .
we usually satisfy very easily , but this resort only cares for large groups coming in for conferences , etc .
we will never return to this property again .
any good features of the resort , and there are good features , are not worth the trouble .
a big disappointment 4- star resort with zero star service says it all .
we stayed at the rio mar from 8/1 to 8/4 and experienced many of the same frustrations mentioned in previous reviews .
the facility and the grounds are absolutely beautiful - - no denying that .
for the prices they charge , one would expect top - notch service as well , but they simply do not deliver and leave you with the distinct impression that they could care less .
we reserved and paid for ocean - view rooms .
although the rooms faced the ocean , it was barely visible through the large palm trees in front of our balcony .
we had reserved 2 rooms , but one of them was not ready yet since we had arrived prior to the 3:00 p . m . check - in time .
we were told that we could get into one of the rooms to relax and store our luggage and they would bring up the keys to the second room when it was finished .
finally , about 3:30 p . m . we returned to the front desk to retrieve the keys to our other room .
we also had no key to the safe in our room .
we contacted the front desk .
four hours later , still no key .
we visited the front desk again who called security .
security said they were never called about the problem the first time .
the desk attendant said that if they did not deliver a key to our room within 20 minutes or so that we should try contacting security ourselves .
there must have been a shortage of washcloths because houskeeping would pick up the dirty ones , but not replace them with clean ones .
i called housekeeping and requested 2 washcloths , but the next day following service to our room , no more washcloths !
we ate breakfast at marbella twice and both times had to catch the waiter 's attention to please bring us the check .
once he brought our coffee and juice , we were totally ignored - - no follow - up whatsoever to see if everything was okay or if we needed anything else .
upon leaving the restaurant and passing by the hostess stand i am accustomed to a thank you !
have a nice day ! or other acknowledgement of our patronage .
one of my kids had a newly - opened bag of starbursts candy laying on the desk and upon returning from dinner found it nearly empty .
( housekeeping had apparently helped themselves during their evening visit . )
parasailing was unavailable because the boat was broken and they did not know when it would be fixed .
three of the four waverunners were also out of commission .
no apologies from any of the watersports staff .
we have stayed at various other starwood properties and have always been impressed with how well we were treated .
the westin rio mar is a bad apple in need of some serious upgrades in their hospitality and customer service .
we will not return .
service nightmare the other reviews here comment on how nice the hotel can be - here is our experience ( as a gold tier starwood preferred guest . )on the positive side , our family enjoyed the beach . on the negative side , here is the list : - 45 minutes to check in using the special starwood preferred guest line ( the regular guest line , although much longer , moved more quickly - go figure . . . ) - while waiting , the bell staff stored our luggage ( without advising us ) with five pieces and only one claim check , we had to go to the luggage room to identify our bags .
- no hangers in the room ( this was a personal first after traveling extensively for over 30 years . ) - awakened at 9:00am by jack - hammering and drilling .
the wing of the hotel had apparently been scheduled for 3-4 days of construction ( exactly coinciding with our stay . )
on our third phone call to the desk , we finally got someone to change our room . the hotel has a great location , and is a good facility ( certainly not great , and not up to typical westin standards ) , but the service was really bad - everything we experienced could have been easily avoided by a management team that was thinking about the guest experience .
stay away ! ! look at the pictures on the website and see the beautiful beaches and facilities .
now imagine every square inch of the beach and pool area packed with people and wall - to - wall lounge chairs .
also imagine that if you do not get to the beach or pool by 11 am you are likely not to get a chair ( forget getting more than one ) and you will probably wait two hours for clean towels ( because they generally run out of those by 10:30 am - happened twice in four days ) .
as if that is not enough , add in terrible service and an uncaring staff and you have all the makings for possibly the worst stay of your life .
" families beware " truthfully we do not know where to begin !
all we have to say is that if you 're traveling with an infant  younger children this would not be the place to stay .
what did not go wrong during our family stay at this resort . . check - in was a nightmare , our room was smokey , smelly  disgusting ( not good when you have a 11 month old baby  a 10 year old child ) .
the resort was so huge that they had portable trains to transport everyone from one end of the resort to the other which is a good thing but ( yes ! there is a but ) they were constantly braking down  on a hot  humid day this is not good especially when your dealing with an infant !
this resort is not cut out for families with specific needs meaning reasonable walking distance to all the resturants , shops , spa 's , pools  entertainment/show areas ( believe us when we tell you this was not the case ) .
if these needs are important to you  your loved ones do not stay here !
go somewhere more accomodating to your needs .
all we have to say we will never return to this resort or any other resort that is affliated with sol melia .
f . y . i . : the only plus to this resort is if you are a club member meaning you have royal service membership maybe just maybe it would be a pleasurable stay for all of you  your loved ones !
but if your not a vacation club member you can just forget about it !
paradisus is ranked 27th for a reason !
a four - star resort ?
are you serious ?
after spending the week of christmas with our entire extended family at the paradisus , we found the resort grounds beautiful and well manicured , and we found the staff to be friendly , if a bit slow .
check - in was truly painful and slow , taking well over an hour even though everything had been prepaid .
we 're fairly patient people , but it was unreasonablly unorganized considered we had been scheduled months in advance .
one thing that cannot be overstated is the extremely low quality of much of the food .
i 'll try to be more specific than some of the other reviews .
the hybiscus was extremely disappointing the first evening .
true , it 's a buffet .
but 100% of the dishes were not being heated in the steam trays .
we 're talking about fish , shrimp , and meat that have been left at room temperature for hours , . . . . breakfast was slightly better .
again , everything on the buffet was cold : eggs , sausage , undercooked bacon , . . . . .there was a made - to - oder omelet station which was good if you did not mind waiting in line . every order of fish or seafood our party had over the course of the entire week , regardless of restaurant or time of day , was cold , old or undercooked .
every time .
i truly wonder how many cases of food poisening are encountered here each week .
i 'm not complaining about flavor or taste issues here .
this lack of quality control will kill people .
other restaurants we found to have the same issues with quality control .
even for individual orders ( not buffet ) , they appear to make everything well ahead of time and just wheel it out when ordered without reheating .
the steak house had some of the poorest quality cuts of steak i 've encountered .
i 'm not being unkind here : very stringy and tough t - bones with more than 60% fat instead of meat .
other cuts our party ordered were of equally low quality with the expection of the tenderloin which was good . we had a special anniversary meal planned the the japanese restaurant , which required reservations .
of course , the reservation was recorded for the wrong evening and # of people , so we did not get to celebrate the special day as a family , or on the right day . beware of checkout : the maids reported that one room in our party had hidden a guest in their room , so they charged us for an extra person .
of course , this was not true .
they would not provide info on how they came to this conclusion - only that the maid said so , . . .after hours spent making no headway with the front desk , and no management willing to get involved , our party was late to the airport .
after surviving the inedible food for a week , and spending thousands of dollars for our family to stay at a resort ranked # 27, to accuse my family of thievery over a few hundred dollars was more than i 'm willing to take .
we wo not be back period .
so much for christmas at the paradisus .
that is our last business with sol melia , and good riddance .
there are far too many quality resorts that are not trying to kill and steal from their guests !
not what we expected , not worth the price .
pluses - nice beach with beautiful white sand , nicely decorated and trimmed property , the pool is great , with a swim - up bar .
dinners in restaurants are ok , the mediterranean and french restaurants are very decentminuses - personnel is trying to be friendly , but they are very sloppy .
for example , there was the housekeeper 's or previous guests ' hair all over the floor in our suite .
so , my wife had to do extra cleaning herself .
also , the personnel are not fluent in english . buffet is open only for breakfast , poor choice of tasteless food .
lunch in the restaurant by the beach is not bad , but same dishes every day .
one day , my wife found a rubber band in her food at this restaurant !
the main reason we chose this hotel was the all - inclusive activities , such as scuba diving .
howvever , because of the constant waves ( and as we found out later , there are huge waves at this particular place of punta cana because of its location ) , i could not do any scuba diving .
so , we had to book a separate trip to catalina island in the caribbean sea ( near la romana ) , where i did scuba diving , and my family enjoyed snorkeling , both for extra charge , obviously .
we did not feel safe at the beach , especially for our little daughter , because there are a lot of strangers there roaming around trying to sell you smth or sign you up for smth .
the nightly entertainment shows are very poor and of low quality . we also had problems with our keys , twice .
when we tried using them to open the door to our room , they did not work .
and mind it - because of the huge hotel territory , it takes you 15 minutes to get to the lobby to fix them . another thing - there is no alcohol in your room 's bar , and the choice of alcoholic beverages on the hotel 's property is very poor .
one more thing - they are trying to promote the reserve area of this hotel by booking you on a 90- minute tour ( which in reality took three hours ) , with the purpose of making you sign up for some kind of a timeshare .
our concierge said that if we attend the tour , we will get a one week of free stay at the reserve , valid for the next two years .
so , we attended this three hour tour and totally wasted our time , and the people were puttting a lot of pressure on us trying to make us sign up for this program .
we refused at the end , and guess what ?
they did not offer us any free stay at the reserve !
( and the concierge later said that they recently discontinued doing so ) .
so , we really very much regretted wasting our precious vacation time on this . here is our advice - stay away from this particular place , it is not worth your money , it is such a dissapointment .
if you are planning a trip to the dominican republic , choose a hotel at the caribbean coast .
we decided for ourselves that riviera maya in mexico is much - much better and costs less .
nightmare in paradise ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
where do i begin let 's see when we first walked in the hotel we were told at the front desk that our room was ready .
to make a long story short when we got to the room it was a mess as if someone had just checked out .
going back to the part of first walking in we were encountered by a concierge named leonardo .
he told us we were staying in the reserve section of the hotel .
which is suppossedly the newer and better part .
he said we had access to the private pool and beach .
the next day we had found out that was a lie .
we asked the bartender at the reserve section for a drink and were denied .
going back to our lying concierge leonardo we did not confront him because we were on vacation and didnt want to deal with headaches so we left it as is . our second day leonardo invited us for breakfast at the gabi restaurant .
he never prepared us for any of the following . . . . he told us we would get a free gift for walking through the property .
ok . . so we agreed .
to find out when we got there it would be a 90 minute time share presentation . .which i need to say turned out to be 2 1/2 hours long .
we had a pleasant young lady escort us and show us through but later encountered by a beast named randolf .
i do not know where they find these time share people .
randolf was rude and highly unprofessional .
he was trying to belittle my wife and i . constantly laughing at us and making nasty comments .
to much to write .
all i have to say is whoever decides to go to this hotel beware ! ! ! !
we complained about this uneducated man immediately and nothing was done . ! ! ! ! ! ! lets now go to the service of the hotel .
let 's see what service !
this place sucks ! ! ! to put it simple .
if you need a spoon bring one from home .
if you need a fork bring your own .
if you need soda go get it yourself at the bar before you eat .
as a matter of fact get 3 or 4 drinks so you do not have to keep getting up .
these people do not ask their guests if they would like refills .
they throw away your food and drinks if you get up at the buffet .
there is no service for food or drinks on the beach area .
so if your used to that like we are you are in for a huge dissapointment . one more heads up about this place .
you must remind that appetizers come before the main course at those so called reservation only restaurants .
like fuego at the paradisus . i strongly urge my fellow vacationers to never , ever stay at this melia/paradisus punta cana property .
if you must stay at a melia property i would say go to the palma real it may cost more but you will be treated accordingly .
we have stayed at other properties in punta cana and the carribean and this hotel is horrible .
food was limited because all the resatraunts were on different schedule which means you had to find out on the day ofto eat .
front desk had no clue what was open when .
the food was outright bad not much options .
dont waste your time .
not even close to " impeccable service " this was my first all inclusive experience and based solely on the paradisus punta cana website boasting facilities and impeccable service ( that ) are the perfect elements to add to your escape into paradise , my expectations were set .
i was looking for a quick getaway from the hustle and bustle of city life ; a place where i could relax and melt into the caribbean sands .
the all - inclusive notion appealed to me because i wanted to get away and not think about what to do and where to eat . check - in was smooth and the clerk was jovial and even made dinner reservations for me at the gourmet french restaurant .
i arrived to my deluxe junior suite garden view with jacuzzi to discover an overwhelming odor of mildew .
i immediately called the guest services representative stating my concern , to which the representative unapologetically replied , we have no other rooms available .
after reiterating my concern and disappointment and asking if i should sleep outside , the representative advised he would check with the manager and that i should call him back in two hours .
the room itself was satisfactory , but hardly deluxe .
the jacuzzi was located in the bathroom 1 foot away from the commode .
the mattress was extra firm and the fabric on the furniture was stained and faded .
the walls and base boards showed evidence of mold growth .
coughing and wheezing , i left the room and decided i would go to dinner and deal with the room after a good meal .
i arrived at the french restaurant , half - heartily greeted by the hostess who eyed me up and down and said that she could not seat me because my armani capri pants where not long enough and that i needed to have long pants .
i asked her to reconsider and both she and the manager at her side refused .
feeling hungry , tired , sick , and annoyed i went back to my deluxe mildew suite , grabbed my suit case , and returned to the front desk . i explained my room problem and my lack of long trousers in the caribbean and the clerk advised she would change my room and offered to allow me to borrow pants from the hotel tomorrow .
next , she rang for the guest service representative that i spoke with previously to show me to my new room .
the new , identical room was located directly across from the old room ( i thought there were no other rooms available ) .
and upon entering the room , i was attacked by an utterly overwhelming smell of bad , chemical , air freshener mixed with an underlying scent of mildew .
my disdain was evident , but the guest service representative was not interested in a resolution and i was exhausted and hungry .
i opened the window and turned on the fan and went for the buffet where i encountered additional qualms regarding service and food . the inconsistent trends in service , facilities , and food continued for the remainder of my trip and were far from the impeccable claims of the paradisus punta cana website .
i would never return and never recommend this resort and most likely never return to the dominican republic .
there are too many other places and hotels in the world and for the money one can do much , much better .
please look elsewhere to spend your precious time and money .
is the name " paradisus " an inference to " paradise ? "
not here !
i 've used this website as a reference many times before travelling , and i never felt compelled to write a review until now .
consider this review a warning to anyone pondering a vacation at this destination .
our family of 4 vacations every year .
what we seek are nice accomodations , beautiful beach , good food , and no hassles .
we are not snobs and would have no problem staying at a marriott on the beach as long as it was quiet , comfortable , and clean .
when we book at what is deemed a 4- star hotel we come with high expectations .
this was our first mistake .
here is my laundry list :1) the royal service is a waste of money .
my husband and i paid for a rs room which was identical to our children 's regular room with the exception of the ocean view .
actually , our kids ' room was nicer .
our room did not even have a door to the bathroom .
it was a 'corral ' style swing door affording no privacy whatsoever .
they claim to reserve a part of the beach and pool for rs , but they never checked .
anyone could use their beach and pool .
we downgraded to a regular room after seeing this , which was half the price .2)
we moved rooms 3 times .
and not one of the rooms had a bed that was remotely comfortable .
the first room would not cool down sufficiently .
the next room had 2 double beds , which were so rickety that whenever my husband rolled over in bed it creaked so loudly that it woke me up .
the next room they gave us had such a musty smell and so many flies in the room .
we finally settled on a room in a building that bordered an adjacent property that must have had a working farm , and every morning at 5:45 we were woken up by roosters .
the water pressure in the shower was almost non - existent .
and bring your own conditioner , they only have shampoo .
and bring bug spray with deet .
you 'll need it every night .3)
the food .
and i use that term loosely .
firstly , eat a huge breakfast .
this is the only passable meal of the day .
if you want a decent dinner , you need to make reservations which you cannot do until you actually arrive at the resort , at which time they have nothing available .
you cannot do it by phone , you have to walk down to the clubhouse at the beach and wait in line with everyone else for 1 employee at a computer to search every restaurant for every day you are there .
only to tell you you can eat at 9:30.
when we finally did get a rservation ( and it was only because someone was nice enough to give us theirs that they were not using ) it was at the french restaurant that was awful .
the steak restaurant too was bad , chinese was worse , and the italian was basically stouffers entrees with elio 's pizza .
the only good restaurant we ate at was the japanese one .
my husband walked in there on our last night and tipped the hostess to let us eat at 6:45 without a reservation .
the best move we made was the night we got in a cab and went to the hard rock cafe and tony roma 's 15 minutes away from the resort .4)
the beach .
if you are used to caribbean beaches where the water is turquoise glass , and you can walk in and see your feet , this is not the beach for you .
the surf had crashing waves and an undertow .
we went snorkling one day and could not imagine that a 15 minute boat ride would take us to a reef that had calm waters .
of course , it did not .
and the snorkling trip they provide is mediocre , at best .
the equipment is passed on from one group to another without even cleaning the snorkles !
my husband is an early riser , but even he was not early enough because by 7:30 am all the shaded bali beds were taken .
we realized that people were putting towels on chairs the night before , and thus we had to do the same in order to have chairs on the beach .
this is way too much of a hassle when you 're on vacation .
there is no one serving drinks on the beach .
every time you want a drink ( and at an all inclusive , there are plenty of drinks being served ) you have to get up and go to a bar and get it yourself .
the help is kind and friendly but speak very little english .
some of the most basic requests were not understood .
( i . e . 'where is the bathroom ? ' )5)
the casino is tiny .
do not come for the nightlife .
if you must come here , there is only one place on the property i would stay .
it is a beautiful brand new complex with decent restaurants and a beautiful pool the rooms are brand new and very chic .
however , if you are beach people and want to go back to your room during the day , it 's a hike .
they provide jitneys that take you back and forth .
there was one thing that lingered with us .
as we unzipped our bags back at home , the musty smell from our room was right back with us .
every article of clothing needed to be washed and fumigated .
the memento of one huge disappointment in punta cana .
beware ! ! !
you may not have a room went to paradisus for 6 days for a wedding .
upon arrival with two other couples , we were told they were overbooked and we had to stay at bavaro princess next door .
we argued for 5 hours as the rooms they showed us next door were horrendous ( cockroaches , no ac in one room , musty smell ) .
we were told repeatedly that we needed to sign a waiver and would get $100 a night .
long story short , we stayed next door one night and came back next day for more arguing .
after bride to be thretened a lawsuit , all of us ( along with about 10 other couples arriving that day ) magically had rooms .
be warned , do not go here .
if you go and they try to scam you , do not sign that waiver .
we ran into many others who did and had no recourse to get back .
held hostage in punta cana we arrived at the hotel on april 11 and waited over 4 hours before they told us they had no rooms available .
during those 4 hours , no one suggested that there was a room availability problem .
the manager told us that it was our problem and there was nothing he could do but put us up at the bavaro princess .
we reluctantly went there , as we had no choice .
that is a whole other review ( but i would never go there either ) .
we called amex last night and after finally getting through , we booked a flight home today .
no customer service 1. when we got to the hotel , there were many employees who were standing around doing nothing .
no one offtered any assistance .2.
we booked an excursion at the hotel desk to see the island and to go shopping .
the guide did not speak any english .
we spent over an hour driving to our destination .
once we got there , we were afraid to get out the van .
the area was dirty and smelled horrible .
we lasted two minutes here and the driver wanted to take us to a church which was another 25 minutes away .
this lasted 5 minutes .
only to drive back to the hotel .
on the way back to the hotel , not 5 minutes from the hotel , was a really nice place to go shopping .
the hotel people saiid that there was no place nearby to shop .3.
only about 5 employees in the hotel , did a decent job . if you are looking for a place with a wonderful beach this is the place to go .
do not excpect any good service .
not what expected for the price the dominican republic is a beautiful country to visit , however the paradisus needs to make some adjustments before i ever go back .
the resort itself is not the problem .
it is the royal service that the club offers .
it is way overrated .
you do not get what you pay for .
we never heard from our butler except for the first day that we arrived .
all our information about the area came from an employee that we ran into in the front lobby named miguel .
this is what the butler was supposed to do .
if it had not been for him , we would not have known which restuarants to eat in and what time you could even go there .
the times we called for our butler he never called back or they would tell us he was not there .
we never spoke to him beyond the first day .
they also tell you that when you have royal service you can call them for room service .
this is a joke .
every time we called vip , we were told to call room service .
we also had to stay on the fartherest side of the resort .
the private beach area was on the opposite side .
we found that it was easier to stay on the side that our room was on .
the reason for this is because the resort is in the process of building the private pool for vip .
this meant that they had the area blocked off that lead to the private beach .
you had to then walk the long way around and then go back to the beach area .
we did go to the private beach area once needless to say we did not go back for the above reason but also because the service you get is nonexistant .
they came around once and asked us what we wanted to drink .
plus anyone had access to this beach .
the only difference between the two beach areas were the chairs in the private beach area were more comfortable .
overall the beach was clean and well kept .
the reservations that are made for you at the restuarants , you can make yourself .
you do not need them to make this for you . our butler also did not inform us about the pillow menu .
we did not find the form for this until 10 minutes before check out .
also we were not told anywhere by anyone that if you make a credit card call or a calling card call from your room , you will be charged 60 pesos per call for a connection fee .
this can add up in a hurry especially when you are unaware of this charge .
by the way , if anyone has horseback riding experience , i recommend skipping this part of the excursions that are included in the price .
the reason is because if you have any experience you will find the excursion lacking .
most , except for about 2, of the horses are nags and in very poor condition .
they never get beyond the back - beating trot .
i have rode horses for 30 years and this was the most excurciating experience of my life .
my horse liked to have beat me to death and they are like a bunch of pack mules .
we also had to go to several other resorts to pick up people to go riding also .
our trip was supposed to take 1 hour and it ended up taking 3 hours .
i would also like to tell anyone not to use future vacations who uses club caribe as their representative .
we were 4 women , who does not speak any spanish , traveling alone and nobody showed up at the airport to pick us up .
this was a little nerve racking .
they never were at the hotel when they were supposed to be .
we never seen our representative with club caribe except for the day after we arrived and was told that he would take care of everything .
we called him every day thereafter and he never showed up to meet with us like he scheduled .
we were not able to book any excursions nor do any activities trying to meet up with him to confirm our flight .
for example , we had an excursion for snorkeling that is included in the price scheduled for saturday and our representative said that he could meet with us between 10:30 am and 11:30 am , so we cancelled our snorkeling trip ( which was our last day ) to meet with this person and he never showed .
the night before we left he told us on the phone that we just needed to take a taxi .
we had the resort call for a taxi and we arrived at the airport on time .
stay away ! !
we were at paradisus punta cana from march 1 to march 5,2006- - -if i had to stay any longer i would have lost my mind .
actually , i tried to switch to another hotel after breakfast on our second day , but they were full .
i can make a few positive comments about paradisus , the casino was nice , the beach was beautiful , the japanese restaurant was delicious but otherwise this was the worst resort i have ever stayed at anywhere .
let me preface my comments by the fact that we were in the dominican republic in february from the 2nd thru the 9th and could not wait to go back !
we had stayed at the iberostar bavaro suites on that trip .
i will try to be specific in my criticisms and comments .
my first impression upon driving up was that the resort was tired .
i quickly changed that to rundown and neglected everything was overgrown , none of the landscaping was maintained ; what should have been flowering shrubs were only green , since nothing had been done to them .
the lawns were not maintained .
people had cut paths across the property and nothing had been done to correct them . no one removed any debris from shrubery or lawns .
i did not see one person working on the grounds during the five days that we were there - -either cleaning or maintenance - -with the exception of a worker painting a bridge with oil - based paint at 10am making the entire lobby uninhabitable due to the fumes . ! ! !
the trees outside our royal service room were #2271 were touching the building , coming into the terrace , and making the room dark .
it was like being in a tropical rain forest , dark , and dreary .
the room was basically clean , but someting i have never seen was here . . . .our bathroom had no doors it was on the left as you enter the room , and then there were swinging shutters ( about three feet high ) separating the toilet area .
the linens were thin and shabby . garbage and cigarettes were left in the containers along the paths .
we were walking on the beach by seven . . . .the beach was cleared of seaweed , etc . and then those giant black garbage bags were left at the entrances to the beach all day . . . .you found yourself walking past trash bags at four in the afternoon . .
the feet washers leaving the beach did not work . . . you wound up going to lunch or back to your room with sandy feet .
some days , there werer no towels , someone took one of ours , and when we went to happy hour at the pool , a guest overheard us , and told us that they had to steal towels all week from other guests ! ! - -they tol us how to do it when they were left unattended - - classy no ? half of the beach chairs were broken . . . .no back supports , and all of them were sagging and old , and dirty .
there was no waiter service on the regular beach . . . more to come on that . the buffets were a nauseating experience .
the food selection was very limited , nothing was marked , and you were greeted by raw pork on ice , and raw fish . .the presentation was awful , nothing was hot .
now , i know this will sound unbelievable , but it truly happened : i went to take a piece of french toast from one of the steam tables , when the tongs made contact with the tray , i got an electric shock ! ! !
i called the hostess , she tried the same thing , and she got an electic shock !
there was a conference with some workers , and they unplugged the tray without a word to me .
there was one stone - faced chef making omeletes .
behind him is a giant garbage pail , and a dirty rusted pole . the air - conditioned area at the other buffet had the same greasy hand prints on the glass for two days - - - one being a child 's print at knee height and another a full man 's hand print at eye level . . .
these with assorted greasy smudges . . .what does this tell you ? after my electrocution i had had enough , and went to the general manager . . . mr .
i enumerated my complaints to him , telling him i would have been gone to iberostar bavaro , if they had any rooms . . . he upgraded us to royal service for the remainder of our trip , somewhat better , but in my estimation , not worth it . .
we were moved to a different section of the beach with nice beachchairs , and there was wait service in this section .
however , it was such a small section , that people were right on top of each other . i sat next to a family who came with a cooler bag , and lays potatoe chips - - - and listened to the mom 's concerns about her daughter 's diaper exploding in the water . . . this was all done in a scream .
most of the guests were americans , and there were a good number of screaming kids .
royal service has a separate breakfast room , a nice curtained enclosed room , which again served a limited buffet .
i do not go to the carribean to eat breakfast indoors though , i could have stayed in ny for that ! ! royal service and we had to flag down the waiter for coffee !
and the milk was bad ! ! you ca not make it up ! ! royal service did make our dinner reservations , and liz in that section was ever so nice .
we did not get the promised newspaper in the morning .
i do not want anyone to unpack my bags - - one of the services included , and i would not get into the room jacuzzi , which they would fix for you .
royal service costs $70 per person per nite more , while nice , definitely not worth it , since many of the things you receive are just regular service in other hotels .
and now to top it off , when we were leaving , the cart carrying us and our bags broke down in the middle of the property on the way back to meet our bus ! !
the driver had to flag someone down , transfer our bags , push the one trolly off the path , and we just made our departure bus ! !
you could not make it up ! ! ! having been to the dominican republic twice before , i find this hotel to be an extremely bad representation of the dominican people .
my impression was that the people working at the resort seemed - - in general - -unhappy .
the number of really pleasant people could be noted .
my impression was that the resot might be closing , the manager , mr . castillo said no , they were doing a seven million dollar addition , new pool , beach club for royal service , i suggested that they put some money in general maintenance and service .
do not go here ! ! ! questions ?
poor customer " service " ruined this vacation we are frequent travelers for both business and pleasure , and so have a lot of experience with which to compare this report .
although the beach and resort were lovely , this resort had the poorest customer service we have ever experienced .
although we specifically booked and paid extra for the 'royal service ' what we received was quite the opposite .
i can honestly say we have never been treated more poorly .
we felt tolerated rather than welcome , and there were many times we felt like second - class citizens . a few brief examples : we were placed in an unrenovated room with construction going on in our building when many other rooms appeared to be available .
our request to be moved was declined ( we were told that there was nothing available - although it was clear that some rooms were vacant ! ) .
so we awoke early to banging many mornings . although there was a wine list at each meal , we were repeatedly told that whatever our choices happened to be ( and we went down the list ! ) were not available .
we were asked to chose between 'red ' and 'white ' and then were served the same two , poor quality wines .
however , we watched other ( spanish - speaking ) guests order from the list and different bottles from the list mysteriously appeared at their table .
we were consistently not seen when asking for service on the beach ( supposedly part of the royal service package ) , but spanish speaking guests around us received excellent attention and service .
when i went up to the beach bar myself , i watched as the bartender made me drinks without alcohol , and then insisted they were alcoholic .
when this happened a second time and i said something , he laughed and turned to a co - worker and made some rude remarks in spanish , assuming i would not understand .
( i did not understand it all , but i am aware of the meanings of ' - - - - ' and ' - - - - '.
i assure you they are not complimentary ) .when turnign on a light in our room , i received a severe electrical shock and burn from the lamp , which had old and frayed wiring .
when we told the customer service staff , they appeared unconcerned , and merely said they would remove the lamp ( which they never did ) .
no apology , no offer of medical attention for the burn , which kept me out of both the sun and water . i could go on , but in short , we felt like second - class citizens and were tolerated rather than welcomed .
there were also obvious differences in the way spanish - speaking clientele were treated .
it is unclear whether language barrier difficulties ( most staff , even those specifically in customer service , spoke no or very little english ) contributed to this . my advice ?
the beach is absolutely lovely in punta cana .
stay at another resort .
if , for some reason , you still want to go to paradisus , absolutely do not pay for the upgrade of royal service .
if what we got was royal service , i am afraid to guess how other non - royal guests were treated .
do not go getting through the airport was a trip by itself ; we filled out an entry form on the plane but there is another one that we have to fill out at the airport and then we have to buy a tourist card .
following local laws is one thing but at least they should post the entry procedures clearly and preferably in english so that we do not get the impression that we are being chipped away .
ground transportation by hotelbeds was ok but an attempt was made to get us to go on tours that are included in our all - inclusive package .
when we got to paradisus , we were told that we have to spend a night at another nearby resort and come back to paradisus the next day .
a supposedly hassel - free vacation became a hassel from the getgo .
services at the resort was ok ; but you probably can get it at any resort anywhere else .
i should think that if they want to earn tourism money , it would not hurt to learn to communicate in simple english unless the motivation was to deceive you in the first place .
hotelbeds sent a nice tour bus to pick us up for the airport as promized but the normally 25- minutes trip turned into a 90+ min ride on very bumpy road .
we were simply glad to be leaving !
hell on earth i wish i would 've read these reviews before i booked this vacation .
i agree with every single bad review on this site .
i arrived in santo domingo on july 7th .
i made a reservation at paradisus for july 17th .
i had my husband fly into punta cana on that day and i drove 4 hours to meet him . originally i booked one room for my husband , myself and my 7 year old son .
but after i thought about it i figured that i should bring my sister so that she could babysit so my husband and i could have alone time .
well we thought we were headed to paradise until we went to check in .
we arrived at 2pm , we were told that check in was at 3pm .
well we didnt get our room til 7pm .
i also requested another room which they did not have because they were booked until the next day .
we payed for 2 rooms on saturday and received our second room on sunday at 6pm .
when we finally got our room the ceiling fan was making a lot of noise , the bootleg minibar did not work , our ac was leaking and there was no toilet paper holder .
we ordered room service since we got our room so late .
the food never got to us .
the restuarants are horrible .
the food gave us diarrhea and made us nauseus . you could tell them to please make your food well done and sure enough they would give it back to you raw .
then all the restuarants are outside so you get dressed up and sweat throughout your dinner .
and during the day the flies are all over you .
they do not have most of the water sports that they say they have .
they tell you to go down the beach to the next hotel to do things .
the horse back riding is full even before you make your reservations .
the most fun we had was outside of the hotel .
we went on a helicopter ride , we drove speed boats and got on 4 wheelers .
the staff at those establishments were very friendly .
unlike all of the staff in paradisus .
especially the people at the front desk .
even the general manager did not help us .
he made believe that he was going to do something but everything remained the same .
lets not for get their mini club for our 7 year old .
my son walked home by himself and the staff failed to notice this .
when i arrived to pick him up the club house it was closed .
noone could tell me where my son was .
lucky my son knew his way back to the room . this was in no way paradise and i will never go to an all inclusive .
this is a * star hotel .
the service is horrible .
its better to go to a 5 star hotel and come out of your pocket .
i do not recommend this place .
not five star we visited the paradisus from july 9th until july 23rd the summer of 2004. the grounds are very beautiful , but the service is horrible .
most of the staff do not speak english . the restaurants have decent food but the service is very weak .
the beach is beautiful , but the hotel always runs out of towels . the rooms are decent , but the maid service is very bad .
rooms are barely cleaned on time .
pillow cases are missing and they often forget to replace shower towels . i must say that the paradisus is the farthest thing from a five star hotel .
the horrible service just ruins everything about the resort .
pick another if you like co - habiting with lots of ants , mildew smelling curtains , broken down beds and a bathroom that leaks - you will love paradisus !
did i mention that i was terribly sick for 2 days after my arrival .
i could not leave my room .
i would say it had to be the food ( y u c k ) or water .
our transfer from the airport was a stifling hot bus with no air conditioning or windows that could be opened i almost passed out along with my husband , children and friends !
our supposedly called jr . suite room turned out to be an old room that was small , cramped , had no closet ( only enough to fit a few things ) , space and ants that were plentiful .
the food left much to be desired .
i could not wait to get back home .
i must make a good point about the resort - the staff is very friendly and accomodating i only wish they spoke some english ( luckily my husband speaks spanish well ) .
the beach was beautiful , but there was alot of seaweed and it was a bit rough for my children .
would i come again to paradisus - definately not !
paradisus was a huge disappointment we 've just returned from the paradisus and feel the resort was totally misrepresented .
we have traveled extensively all over the carribean , and this was far from a luxury resort . i will start with our check - in which was smooth .
however , when we were dropped off at the room , it was already occupied .
we sat there for 10 minutes while the bellman/shuttle driver called back up to the lobby ( another family was waiting on the shuttle ) .
finally , he took us to another room and the maid had to let us in .
after 5 calls to the front desk and over an hour of being stranded in our new room , we had new keys .
on one call , they had the nerve to ask us to call back in 5 minutes because they were busy checking people in .
the rooms are not bad , but not exactly what i would consider 5- star luxury . finally , we head out to explore the resort .
the pool area is beautiful and the foliage thruout the resort is very well maintained .
the ocean is breathtaking and the beach is clean .
that 's about it for the positives . the entire resort is under renovation which means electric saws , drills , workers everywhere .
you could not even hear the music in the bar for the construction .
there were men busting out sidewalks , installing new roofs , painting , etc .
you constantly had to stand to the side to let a worker with a wheelbarrow or load of palm fronds get by .
and it was no different on the beach .
they were building a new cabana on the beach complete with electric saws again so we moved down away from those sounds .
only to be greeted by the scent of fresh paint as they touched up the massage cabana on the beach .
and if you want a chair , make sure you break the rules and leave towels on it 24/7.
there are signs everywhere that you ca not save chairs unless someone is there , but it is not enforced . restaurants and service in general were fair .
make sure you ask for reservations before you get there - - - i emailed the hotel directly and had reservations waiting when we arrived .
the only restaurant where we had a great meal and service was el romantico .
the japanese was a joke - - we had an 8pm reservation , got seated at 8:50 and did not get a drink until 9:10.
everything else was so - so , including the buffet which was basically the same everyday .
but the people in the restaurants generally do not understand service .
the service in the bars is much better . regarding the included excursions , two words - - good luck .
everything was booked up when we arrived .
they only take 30 people horseback riding per day (15 each twice per day ) and it is only 3 days of the week .
same with scuba , snorkel , shopping , etc .
when the shopping excursion was full , the resort offered to have a boat take me there and wait to bring me back for a fee of $40.
we opted to go on our own after we learned it is a 10 minute walk from the resort .
you can get there by walking on the beach or out of the front lobby . needless to say , i would not recommend this resort to anyone .
perhaps when all the renovations are complete , this resort will live up to it 's name .
it has a loooong way to go .
worst vacation ever taken my husband and i stayed at the paradisus may 6-13, 2003.
upon arrival , we were very impressed with the grounds , decor , etc . upon checking in ( around 1pm ) we were told our room would be ready in 45 mins .
we went to have lunch and when we returned almost an hr and half later our room was still not ready .
we actually did not have a clean room until 4:30pm the day we arrived .
the pool was very nice and the room although decor was nice smelled very damp and musty .
on our 2nd day there my husband became extremely ill ( stomach pains , etc . ) and remained ill for the entire 7 days we were there .
the food was horrible .
nothing you ate tasted the way it looked .
the meat was very gamey ( my husband is convinced he ate horsemeat ) .
many of the restaurants are outdoors where i have witnessed cockroaches crawling on the food .
many times we were given dirty silverware , glasses , etc .
they never changed their table linens or our sheets on our bed .
we met some very nice people during this trip , which did make the best of a bad situation , but it is extremely disapointing to pay $3000.
for an all - inclusive when you ca not eat or drink .
it is strongly recommended that you speak some spanish , b/c no one there speaks english and the language barrier definately is an issue .
i highly recommend you do your research before considering this resort .
we will never visit here again .
good weight loss clinic . . .
i will start off by saying the grounds were beautiful . . . like being in the middle of a jungle paradise ; however that 's where all the positives stop .
the a/c like others have noticed , was not functional upon arrival .
we changed rooms to find working a/c , but non working refrigeration in the mini refrigerator .
the toilet did not work correctly , but the room was very nice overall . the area of major concern to me , is in what appears to me in my opinion , to be the heavy odor of what smelled like raw sewerage on the grounds and again in my opinion , to be a possible contamination of the food supply or what appeared to be a lack of cold enough temperatures of the food and drinks at the food counters .
by the second day of the vacation , both my wife and myself became very ill and we were unable to eat anything further without violent results .
we switched to eating only small portions of bread followed by bottled beer in order to consume some carbohydrates and sugars .
this helped us to make it through , but barely .
in all my visits to the domincan republic , i have never been ill like this . the food was terrible at best and not consumable at the least , in my opinion .
add in the horrible smells from constant air pollution caused by all of the worn out motors from the trolley 's and motorbikes used by the staff and you have the recipe for a difficult vacation .
i would find another resort with less traffic and possibly safer food . the beach chairs are extremely uncomfortable , making extended sun tanning difficult unless you lay on the sand .
the trash bin plastic bags on the beach where never removed for change ; the attendant would only reach in by hand and remove the dumped daily garbage by hand and transfer the contents to his bag , leaving old food matter constantly drying in the receptacles or on the ground around the bins .
it is almost impossible to communicate with anyone at any restaurant .
my wife has an allergy to garlic and they put garlic in virtually everything .
i asked each and every waiter to avoid garlic ( in spanish ) but i do not even think they know what garlic is .
we ended up with garlic in almost any food item ordered or any item offered at the buffet . the only positive result of the trip was the loss of 6 pounds of weight , which now puts me back at my waist size during college .
i would also avoid tnt tours , the first class extra we paid for was a joke . happy vacationing !
love the island , beach .
not the resort ! ! ! peye .
ontario , what a disappointment .
just came back from a week stay at bavaro princess , d . r , big disapointment , before booking the trip for nineteen of my family , i read the reviews on this resort , some were good and some were bad , since it is a five star resort , we are not very picky peaple , and have traveled to punta cana many times before and always had a great time , we stayed at b . p from dec/18?2008 to dec/25/2008 , when we arrive at the resort , it seem like a pretty nice place but seem to be a little dimmed around the lobby , the check in went o . k , no wellcome cocktail drinks , we proceeded to have our dinner , it was just o . k with less variety than usual .
the room we had was near the beach and the main pool , therefore was very convinient for the kids , all of our rooms had crockcroaches and some even had crockcroaches eggs under the pillow cases , we ate at japanese alacart and the seafood , both time we ordered food , everything ended up to be the same , waste of time , food quality was terrible , evening shows were boring , perhaps inexperience m . c made it even more boring , most of the staffs were nice at the bars and at the restaurants , ground keepers worked tiredlessly to keep the property look pretty nice , we enjoyed the wild lifes , flemingos , peakcocks , fish , birds ects . . . . . the most disappointment aprt of the hold trip was the animacion ( enterainment ) crews , they do not seem to have much connection with the resort guests but maby think of themselfs as somekind of superstars , not even a genuend friendly hola , around the pool there were 'nt much activity , first five days , we did 'nt even hear any local music played , only techno music , it did ''nt give the feeling of beeing away , so in summory , the trip was a ripoff , we paid for a 5 star resort but only got maby 3.5 star service .
would not recommend to any of our friends and definately not going back to bavaro princess resort .
do not do it . . . head the warnings and bad reviews . . . book somewhere else ! my wife and i booked our honeymoon through a travel agent in our area with apple vacations .
the price seemed more than fair and by the personal recommendation of the travel agent we booked our honeymoon to the bavaro princess resort in punta cana .
we paid for the platinum upgrade , which as explained to us , would entitle us to premium alcohol , nicer room , extra nice meals and other amenities .
upon arriving at our resort , we were taken to the platinum lounge were we proceeded to wait for two hours before we could check in to our room .
now , we do understand that people may have checked out of that room late , but after observing how slow the housekeeping was during the week , we are guessing that was the cause .
after waiting over two hours for our room to be ready , we went to the room to find it in what had appeared to be immaculate condition right down to the label on the toilet suggesting it was sanitized .
considering my wife is a clean freak , she inspected the toilet before going to the bathroom to find that there was human ficies still smeared on and around the sanitized toilet .
outraged , we called the platinum lounge to express our concern and they assured us that someone would be over right away to re - clean it .
several phone calls later and several hours having passed , a maid did finally show up to clean said toilet .
a few hours later we spent some time killing huge cock roaches that seemed to come out of the wood work near the tv and couches .
we expressed our concern about these issues to the apple rep at our resort and he assured us he would take care of it .
he did offer to have our room exterminated but we would not be able to be in it for several hours after .
several hours later and several times of reminding him that we were waiting to hear back from him , he informed us that the manager was going to send champaign to our room for the inconvenience .
the following day , our 10 dollar bottle of champaign arrived with a small cheese plate .
this behind us , we proceeded to enjoy the rest of our honeymoon .
the food at the resort restaurants was absolutely terrible .
my wife and i both got sick from something we either ate or drink ; as did several other couples we met throughout our time there .
the restaurants that were included as part of our platinum upgrade were worse then the buffet food in the main dining room .
we paid for the platinum upgrade especially to receive the premium alcohol , and every time we asked for anything to be considered premium , they were out of it .
we did not get anything premium until we went to the bar at one of the sister resorts we were allowed to go to .
we booked two excursions with apple by recommendation of the reps at the resort , which were the outback safari and the dolphin island .
the outback safari was well worth our time and money and we enjoyed that day immensely .
the dolphin island excursion was a different story .
this excursion costs $110 a person , which is steep to begin with .
what a racket this excursion is .
the entire trip is supposed to be 5 hours and it was five and a half hours .
the bad thing is that only an hour of it was spent actually near the dolphins .
the trip to and from the island took over 30 minutes each way .
we spent an hour waiting to go out to the water after arriving .
the hour with the dolphins was amazing to say the least .
we were taken back to the beach where they proceeded to sell us dvds with photos from our experience .
this privilege cost us another 30 bucks .
after waiting another half hour we received our dvd and then proceeded to wait over two hours for them to organize everyone to get back on the buses to return to the resort .
several people were complaining to the staff but it seemed the staff was only concerned with making sure everyone bought a dvd before getting back on the buses .
i had read some reviews about this resort prior to traveling there and the most popular complaint was regarding transportation issues .
the resort is set on a few acres and it is a bit of a walk from the beach to the main lobby or from the rooms to the buffet .
the resort has a vehicle that stops at several designated areas to pick people up .
nine times out of ten this vehicle was full by the time it reached us so we decided to walk the rest of our time there .
this proved to be a bad idea since the road to walk on went through an area where the resort had a sewage problem .
i can?? even describe how bad the stench was in this area .
they even had caution tape around the majority of the area .
i am sure walking past this area four times a day on average was not good for our overall health .
the night before leaving we paid our bill so we could have express check out in the morning before our departure .
i asked guest services when i should call in the morning to have our baggage picked up so we could have time to eat before our bus came .
they informed us that ten minutes we be sufficient .
the morning came and just to be on the safe side i called them 45 minutes prior to our scheduled departure time from the resort .
35 minutes later , they finally showed up to grab our baggage and we raced to the main lobby to catch our bus .
we had no time to eat and it was the perfect ending to a miserable vacation .
very , very bad ! ! ! my family vacation was ruined by terrible service in this hotel . there were no water and toilets were leaky .
rooms was full of roaches and was not cleaned until 5 p . m .
some problems was with towels to change .
overall the place is generally insanitary due to shortage of water .
alex , new york .
if you like roughing it you may like this place i am not one to complain , but i would not want someone to go into this blind .
i am one of three thirty year old women that were just interested in a relaxing vacation .
what we got was the run around at check in time ( check in time is 3pm and we got into our room well after 6pm ) .
we were offered the special room to change into our bathing suits upon arrival , and the room was trashed and we would not want to know what was going on in there the night before , but we had an idea .
not the best first impression .
finally when we got into the room the toilet did not work ( would not flush toilet paper , and would bring up other peoples faeces ) , lovely !
we got there on a sunday and they did not move us until late afternoon on tuesday , so we would go and use the lobby bathroom .
when we got into our next room the toilet did not work , so we had someone in to fix that .
that was the end of our toilet problems , but on came the ongoing harassment from the male staff that did not understand the word no .
constant cat calls and baby , baby comments became very annoying .
they would ask us to go out to the discos with them , but if they were acting this unprofessional and pushy while being at work , what would they be like outside of work .
pretty scary thought .
i could go on with the other bad experiences , but to sum it up , i think because we were all female , that did not make a big enough fuss about our problems , they really did not care about making sure we were happy .
i do not know about you , but when i pay to go on vacation , i want the memories to be great and not something i have to spend time after warning others to prepare themselves for disappointment if they are going to that resort .
not a 5 star resort first trip to the dominican republic and the worst hotel ever ! !
when my boyfriend i first checked into the room and looked it over there was blood on the bathroom room door , when i complained they said they would sent someone to clean it , on the third day i finally cleaned it myself .
the room was never cleaned , the maids just came in and made the beds and changed the towels .
this service was never completed before 5:30pm .
the towel service at the pool and beach was on some days more than a 20 minute wait .
we were told that there was a disco on site , when we arrived we were told that it was outside of the hotels grounds .
there was no bottles of rum in the room and no welcome baskets that we were told that other guests recieved .
the over all service is not something i would have expected from a 5 star resort .
i was very disappointed with the hotels over all and would not recommend it to anyone .
lizards/bugs in the room stay away from this resort !
our room came with : patio lights that worked sometimes , lamp in living room did not work , kitchen sink did not work , shower had only a trickle of pressure , kitchen counter had small bugs , maid service at 9:30 p . m . , cockroaches , lizards inside the room , a filthy dirty floor and terrible cleanliness . when we talked to mgmt .
, they sprayed the room for insects and gave us a fruit basket  bottle of rum .
we were never offered another room . we were falsely accused of taking a photo from the pictures they take  sell .
we were cleared of course !
kinda hard to take something ( a photo of us w/ a monkey ) , we never had .
we opened our towels  beach bag , showing an untruthful accusation to be ridiculous !
we never had our photo taken with a monkey ! the food was fine .
the steak house was great , as was the service in every other area of the resort . the beach was the best beach we ever sawthe pool is great . the grounds are huge and maintained beautifully . anything mother nature provided , the beach , the grounds , are kept spectacular .
anything else , the room and cleaning was disgusting .
we will never stay here again .
after 2 days we had enough .
we spent in this hotel barely 2 days of weekend , taking voluntarily temporary assingement form our occidental flamenco hotel due to overbooking .
it was quite a disaster , we were so happy to leave bavarro and return to flamenco . the only good thing was a room .
clean spacious and bright , we had no problem accomodate in 4 ppl .
one bed had broken leg , but they fixed it the very next day .
ac working great , decent bathroom etc . also , the beach was nice , finding palatas was relatively easy even in afternoon hours . and thats about the only positives we could say . transportation sucks .
this resort is spread on vast grounds , the trains seem to be always crowded , and finding seat during evening hours seemed impossible . the worst was food .
the main buffet is open without ac , we did not enjoy eating while getting sweat at the same time .
and food was bad , plain and tasteless .
one evening it was all about oriental food , we noticed more ppl ended up @ american station taking hamburgers and hotdogs rather than oriental cuisine . and final nail was chopin restaurant .
not sure why its called that , because its in fact an open buffet , with lots of seafood .
while i am a seafood lover , after it i ended up with food poisoning for entire our remaining time in dr .
and to tell the truth , after all iiwas not surprised , seeing flies and moths getting cozy in some salads . so after spending 2 days in bavarro , we could not wait to get back to occidental flamenco , where we enjoyed far superior quality and overall satisfaction .
4th and last time !
last week i stayed at this resort , party of 2. we had platinum service .
this was my 4th visit in 3 years to this resort , all of which were either platinum , or the previous vip program . the vacation was through ac vacations , and the flight down from toronto was excellent .
we were bumped up to business class for free at the gate , and the flight was on time . we arrived at the resort at around 11am , and after waiting for one of the golf carts that ferries guests around for 10 minutes in order to go check in at the platinum lounge , we have up and walked to it - - since we are familiar with the resort .
when we got to the lounge , we were the first to check in from our arriving group , suggesting the golf cart transportation had still not arrived .
perhaps not suprisingly , our room would not be ready until 3pm , the stated check in time .
that 's fine . . . we just went to lunch and waited around .
when we went back at 3, they told up 3:30.
more waiting , and more waiting ensued until 4:30, when we were given our room .
why was not my room ready ?
well , my room was not ready because the guest in there before just did not check out .
i was comforted by the desk agent by him telling me that they had charged the guest $40 dollars for our inconvenience .
of course , we were not given the $40 bucks , or really anything for that matter other than shrugged shoulders . the room was ideally situated , close to the pool , beach and lounge . . . but the a/c hardly worked , and the water pressure all week was terrible .
we got fed up with the a/c on the second day , and they moved us up to an ocean view suite which also had bad a/c , no water pressure , no hot water except at times that you do not need it ( like 2pm ) .
i complained a few times , but eventually gave up - - not worth the effort , as the management was pretty apathetic . we met two other couples who had the same problems in platinum .
in fact , one couple was given a non - platinum suite and the only compensation offered was an extra 20 min massage . . . and that was after a lot of effort going through the ac vacations rep . food : the only things i had all week that were good was steak at el gaucho , pasta at the pasta station in the hispaniola buffet , and boiled eggs by the beach in the morning .
my partner actually picked up some rotten pineapple at one of the buffets , which was less than appetizing to her .
the food here has really went downhill .
the worst was el pescador , the fish restaurant .
everything was cold , and tasted bad .
luckily , a guest services manager was hovering around in that restaurant and intercepted me as i was leaving .
this was the only positive experience i had with management , as she apologized and immediately had us seated at el gaucho .
this resort needs more of that kind of management . beach : excellent , although many of the chaise loungers were broken .
sea was just marvelous . pool : dirty .
it was painted white , and you could see yellow slime on the sides of the pool .
otherwise , the pool was good .
the pool bar was often understaffed - - one guy trying his darnedest to serve a full bar of people .
a couple of the days they put 2 guys on and it was better . casino : that was ok , had fun at $10 blackjack , but the a/c there was a bit weak too . excursions : ( this has nothing to do with the hotel , by the way ) we did the saona excursion , and it was bad .
it is a long bus ride , then you go out on speed boats . . . which was very fun .
they take you to a natural pool in the ocean and feed you drinks , then back into the boat for a ride over to saona , which is supposedly an unspoiled beach .
what we got was an unspoiled beach that was set up with relentless dominican craft vendors , where we had to spend 3 hours .
after that , we had a wonderful sail for 1.5 hrs in a tropical storm , then a bus ride to punta cana with a stop in higuey - - actually , they dumped us at a tourist place where we could buy rum and paintings at american prices . the highlight of the trip was coming home .
from now on , my home in the d . r . will be the paradisus palma real where we went at christmas .
it is more expensive , but at the same time you do get something for your money .
sick experience we just arrived from the bavaro princess where 34 family members celebrated my daughter 's wedding .
the hotel is lovely but we were never told that many of the restaurants and bars are not air conditioned and the ones that are are still very warm .
most of us got sick with stomach ailments and my son came home with strep throat .
i also found that the weddinng coordinater was quite rude and unaccommodating .
i would never go back there and i wish we would have stayed here in our lovely state .
it is not necessary to travel that far considering that we too have gorgeous beaches .
happy in florida 
extremely unprofessional front desk service my fianc? and i stayed for 6 days at the bavaro princess during the month of february to check things out before we book a family reunion for june .
let me first say that we have traveled extensively throughout the dominican republic ( dr ) and am writing this review taking into account the nature of the dr .
you must understand that most places you go or stay at are trying to do their best to please you , but when you pay to stay at what is attempting to be a ??uality? ? hotel ,
you expect at the very least not to be ripped off too badly .
my fianc? and i knew we wanted to stay an additional day at the bavaro princess , and when we checked in we asked the gentleman at the front desk ( julio ) if this was possible .
he checked his computer and confirmed that there would be no problem and told us to contact our travel agent to book the additional night .
at day 3 we contacted our travel agent and made the arrangement .
i again asked the front desk ( pablo ) if there would be a problem and the man again checked the computer , and said ??o problem? ?
then late on the evening before we were to leave , my agent called me and said that the hotel rejected our extra - night reservation since the entire resort was ??ooked? ?
since we had already changed our flight ( and they knew this since julio explicitly asked me if we had done so ) , i felt the hotel had pulled a switch in order to exploit a minor amount of money from me .
i contacted my travel agent and he said it sounded like they just wanted to charge me the full $360 rate instead of the $250 i agreed to pay earlier .
sure enough , my suite ??ecame available? ? when
i volunteered to pay the $360? ? what else could i do ? ? they had successfully conned me .
i wouldn?? have minded paying the trivial $110 dollars extra is they had just asked ? ? but they lied to both me and my agent rather that to just tell the truth .
my only satisfaction now comes from canceling my $12,000 us reservations that i had made for june as part of a family reunion .
my agent and i are now looking for a new location .
fortunately , there are dozens and dozens of alternatives , in punta cana .
i can?? believe the head - quarters for this hotel would approve of their front desk people ??xtorting? ? a
petty $110 in lieu of the fact that they lost a $12,000 reservation ( and that figure is looking very conservative ) .
but i guess they figure they can just rebook the lost suites .
but i would think ( or hope ) that such unprofessional practices will eventually begin to hurt their bottom line .
just be careful and don?? trust anyone at the front desk at this hotel .
they??l tell you anything you want to hear just to get you to move on? ? .
oh well , so much for expecting ??verage? ? service .
unfortunately , this single event is the only thing i will take from my visit to the bavaro princess .
shame since much of the rest of the staff worked very hard to do their best , and a couple of unprofessional front desk people could ruin all their efforts .
never again my wife and i were at the platinum club all suites at the bavaro princess , punta cana from january 12th to the 19th ,2006.
what was to be a 50th wedding anniverary celebration trip turned out to be the holiday in hell . on first sight it seemed well tended and inviting .
at the registration desk they knew nothing about our request for a 2nd floor suite .
although we had already paid to stay in the platinum section they charged us a further $324.80
us fds .
extra for a so called deluxe second floor suite and after a very long wait we were taken to our room .
we tried to settle in , but within a few hours discovered the tv did not work and did not after they fixed it , the toilet did not flush properly , the bidet was unusable , no drain stop in the tub , the steel sink in the kitchenette was corroded , one tap did not work , the living room screen was ripped and flapped around , the living room windows were dirty , and also under the bed .
the wicker furniture on the patio was broken .
the suite was shabby , dull and obviously had not been refurbished for many years .
this resort was advertised by air canada vacations as a 5* resort . meal time was a horror .
after eating once at the buffet , we found it messy and unappetizing .
as a result i would walk to the platinum lounge and pick up some fruit or pastry for breakfast , to eat with coffee we made in our room .
we were directed to various restaurants for dinner , the japanese and lycee we enjoyed .
the others were abysmal .
we visited the fish restaurant twice .
our first visit was fine . our second visit was totaly unsatisfactory .
our waiter mis - ordered our first request , it was totaly wrong .
the the second likewise .
the waiter then tried to persuade us it was something it was not . although we drank only bottled water and cola and never went into the swimming pools .
we both got dysentry , i also got and ear infection .
with regard to the bottled water some of it was not in plastic sealed bottles , some had no name brand labels on them . while we were at the resort we did discuss our feelings and concerns with the resort general manager michael goncalves .
he did not come to the suite or send someone of authority to check out our comments .
the day before we left we received a bowl of old fruit and a card hoping we had a nice stay . on the bus taking us back to the punta cana airport , the driver said he hoped we all had a good time and would return .
with one voice , we all said no never .
at the airport while waiting for our flight back to toronto i canvased a family of four , all were deathly ill , their young son had , had to be taken to the hospital .
another couple both got dysentry and severe stomach cramps , another couple , the wife spent two days in bed after seeing the resort doctor .
she said she saw a long list of people all ill , who at been at the doctor 's office .
not one person i spoke to said they had a nice holiday , none would come back or recommend it as a five* resort . in fairness the bavaro has a very nice beach and grounds .
the casino was a massive rip off . a final comment , the resort manager has written air canada vacations advising that anyone who got dysentry , must have brought it with them .
he called it travellers disease .
he has stated it did not come from staying at the hotel .
poor customer sevice - lobby desk - food was terrible my husbnd and i arrived on january 31 to this hotel for 1 week to celebrate our 39th wedding anniversary . our booking was not what we had paid for and after going through 5 management levels and 5 hours in the lobby we finally got a room .
the higher the level we went the more rude the employments got .
freddy from the platuim club is quite the weapon . the weather was great thank goodness .
the line - ups for lunch at the buffet by the ocean , were just unbelieveable and most of the time the hot food ws cold . we had friends arrive the day after us and they were staying in the platium club section , so we had them book the dinner reservations , because if we went to book our restervation 2-3 days in advance we were always given 10:00 p . m . sittings it is freddy that take the bookings .
go figure . the dinners all taste the same amd many other guests agreed with us .
pasta - seafood - steak - all starts in the same kitchen - yukwe tried to speak to the general manager of the hotel and could not get past rita - rude rita .
i have the name of the general manager - miguel goncalves , and i hope he can get a message from this , on customer service and how your guests are treated is the best free advertising you can get . i would not recommend this hotel .
we have been to dominican 5 times and this was the most expensive and the worst . s caldwell - toronto 
disaster my experience is very similar to the family who returned in february 2006.
we were there jan . 12-19, 2006. the food was terrible and my six - year - old son became so ill that he was transported by ambulance to the private hosptial .
thank goodness for travel insurance .
i also became ill as did my husband .
my 9 year old daughter was okay ( besides her asthma issues due to the mould ) but we brought a suitcase full of food for her due to a tree nut allergy .
we were extremely careful with food and water and never ate at a buffet restaurant .
my son was so ill at 2 a . m . that we needed some towels , blankets and sheets .
we called housekeeping and the front desk to find out no one was available to help .
a resort of this size had no staff working in the night .
it was disgusting .
they also claimed to ahve 24 room service , which is an outright lie - - it operates from 8 a . m . - 11 p . m . yes , the resort was pretty and the beach was nice , but we , like many other families/couples travelling from toronto , were sick and were just happy to get out of there alive .
several of travellers on our plane were violently ill .
this was not traveller 's diarrhea .
one couple we met from montreal became so ill on their third day of a two week vacation , they insisted air canada vacations move them to another resort .
not much of a vacation and no , we would never go back .
a group of 34 of my friends went to the bavaro princess for our friends wedding .
we originally were booked at the punta cana princess but were switched to the bavero two weeks before because of renovations .
we walked over to the hotel we were suppose to be at and we could not find a nail or a hammer anywhere there were no renovations .
so basically they were trying to move us all into one resort so that they did not have to have both open but did not want to close the other one so that people would still book with princess . i will touch on three the following issues 1. drugs in my drink ;2. all restaurants closed ( except main buffet ) ;3. rooms not ready ;4.
luggage didn?? show up ;5.
not enough trains for the big resort to take you from lobby , your room or pool  beach ;6. staff wedding day wearing jeans ;7. no making reservations ;8. lights out by 11:30 on resort ( can?? find you way around )9. septic smells so badso when we got the bavaro princess at 1:30 pm all of our rooms were not ready . . including the bride and groom?? .
we had to wait until 3:30 until we got them . . some of us still did not get them to after 4:30.
we then had to wait for our bags from there bell boys until 5:30 pm . that was awful service .
the rooms were really nice but our phone did not work and i asked everyday for a new phone but no one came to bring one . . . despite all my complaints .
i even went to the front desk and they told me that ??aybe? ? they would be able to send someone to look at it .
they even recommended that i go back to my room with one of their off duty staff to look at it with him .
i am a 25 year old woman and there is no way i would feel safe going back to my room with a man i don?? even know that isn?? wearing a staff uniform or a name tag to look at my broken phone .
still no phone even on our last day when they said they would fix it and give us a wake up call so we wouldn?? miss our flight . the resort is huge so walking from the lobby to the beach or even to your rooms is at least 15 minutes? ? and the septic smell in one section is soooo strong that it is enough to make you gag .
they also turn the lights out before 11:30 at night so the entire resort is dark and you can?? find you way along the dark paths or even see room numbers of all the villa?? .
my friends mom was walking alone from the buffet at night and they shut down the lights and she came back to the buffet really worked up , upset and scared .
even though there are guards with guns on the beach infront of the resort it doesn?? really make it feel any safer when it is completely dark .
the trolleys that drive you around don?? run late and even if they are running ( before midnight ) they drive past you and are often full of people .
they only had one running so you had to wait over 25 mins for one to come by you and it would be full and wouldn?? stop .
it happened to rain everyday we were there so we often stood in the rain waiting . all the restaurants were closed and they just had the buffet open .
sometimes you had to wait in line to even get in .
if you called to make a reservation for one of the promised restaurants they would say they are booked and then when you would go to them they were empty .
they were suppose to be available but they weren?? and they moved the special restaurants into the main buffet so they didn?? have to have the other buildings open . for my friends wedding the staff was disorganized and not very accommodating . . they kept moving the location on us . my one friend?? dad went to complain to the manager and they said they would try to up the service a bit? ?
but didn?? .
when we wrote the resort a letter they said there were no complaints . . that was a lie . . we all complained . we booked a day trip through the resort to go snorkeling . . the bus didn?? show .
we booked another day trip to go fishing and they messed up the days and switched it to the day of the wedding when no one could go . we were suppose to stay at the tropical princess down the beach but two weeks before they switched us to this hotel due to renovations . . we went to see it and there were no renovations . . just a slow time of year and they didn?? want both of their hotels running? ? complete
nightmare . basically the only good thing about this trip was the friends that we brought .
bigger is not better , bad bad bad the worse vacation ever , and i mean the worse .
i dediced to go with my family on vacation to this big resort , , why did i do that for , ?
omg , this is what we experienced : note i normaly aim for smaller resorts that are quiet and stress free but then . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . -hotel location : about 40 minutes away from airport , kinda far - hotel comfort : sucks 90 % no acmaintenance of ur room : an all suite hotel ? well poor ventilation , and u might c roaches and lizzards , mini frigde leaks , doesnt even get kool , drinks barely replaced , shower has no pressure at allfood quality : if u dun mind buffet everynite ok , - if u like to dress down yes long pants and shirt and shoes for men , no polos allowed just to eat ! ( and u better have a reservation ) after an all day at the beach with 100 degree weather , then go ahead - almost entire resort no ac .
i mean noooooooooooo ac for someone traveling with kids not a good placehotel service - workers are terrible , no customer service , rude people , i had my phone broken for 3 days b4 anyone cared to fix it , no one to complaint to , do it in writing when u get back home they suggested - if for any reason you flight is delayed , pray to god anyone tells you , there will be a note posted on a binder for you to read , where is the binder ?
hahahahahso good luck - no accomodations provided if ur flight is delayed , again u wait under 100 degree weather , with no room or shower for ur kids or even urself , -hotel is not responsible if transportation between airport and resort isnt on time , so u might even lose ur flight - in the event of a flight delay , if you came in with apple tour , please be ready , you will be given only a 3 minutes long distance phone call after 6 hours wait . , again no room provided - no one is allowed in hotel if they dun have a bracelet , of course excluding those providing a happy ending for certain guests , - only 2 pools , and if you are vip , make sure u dun request a towel at the non vip pool , wont get it , vip pool barely cleaned , u can actually smell the urine - vip isnt any different than anyone else , u still be given watered down alcohol , not worthywatch out for the train ! ! , yes train to transport u to ur room and back to lobby , and they dun run 24/7only + about it was the entertainment at night - please you dont wanna experience this for urself , bigger is not any better 
very desapointed !
dont waste your money .
i definetely agree with all the other bad reviews about this hotel .
it is definetely not a 5* hotel .
their service is really bad and i 'm not a person that likes to complain .
it is true what they say about their staff being unhappy and unfriendly .
they look like they do not want to do their job .
they also take for ever to serve you at the restaurants and when they do , you dont even get what you ordered .
this happened to us like 3 times .
one night the menu was brought to us all dirty and also a fork .
the rooms are ok except for the bathroom .
the water pressure in the shower was very poor to the point that it took us for ever to take a shower .
the ceiling in the bathroom also looked like it was about to collapse from a leak .
the toilet was also not working properly .
the food was also terrible .
my 7 year old daughter vomited 3 times one night and my husband and i also got intestinal problems .
you hardly see any seafood and the one that they serve you at el pescador is terrible . another big problem that we encountered was when we called from the hotel room to the us .
they had told us that they charged $2 a minute and we only used maybe 8 minutes at the most .
when we got back home , they had charged our credit card almost $400 in phone charges that we did not use . if you want a hotel with excellent service , food and entertainment go to the iberostar bavaro or iberostar punta cana .
we stayed there last year and we regret not staying there again .
they are definitely a 5* hotel and it actually cost us less money .
i also heard that the bahia principe is a great one also .
the only things that i enjoyed about the bavaro princess is their shows , the beach and the scenery around the hotel .
the landscape is really beautiful .
i really wish they would improve their service and their food .
this hotel does have the potential of being a 5* one .
worst vacation ever ! ! ! just returned from punta cana and what a disappointment ! ! first , if you can?? speak spanish go somewhere else . . . only about 2% of the staff spoke some english .
if you do go do not waste your money on vip . .what a joke .
everything was booked .
when i tried to use our free snorkeling trip pass three days before we left it was booked , no one told us to go the first day we got there and make arrangements .
we saw people who were not even vip with beachfront rooms and we were not .
there miniature golf course if even funnier . .
i wish i had a picture of it . . . most importantly the food !
oh my god it was the worst food ever . .
we were prepared for it to be bad after reading some reviews but it was gross .
it would sit out all day so i started to just eat bread but that was even stale .
i went with 5 other people , everyone got sick . . three of them had chills and were sweating profusely .
they didn?? even give you bottled water in your room or at all the bars except the lobby bar .
we spent half the vacation waiting for the trams to bring you places since the place is so big . . . they only had about three running and they wouldn?? move till they were filled up .
i am sorry if this offends anyone but i wish i had believed the few other reviewers that had felt the same way .
i have traveled a lot and this was the worst vacation i have ever been on .
if anyone has any questions just ask? ? br/>
not that great . . . . my trip to the bavaro princess was terrible , i have been to the dominican 3 years in a row and stayed at the sister hotel ( caribe club ) so thought i would try this hotel .
first of all , there was no hot water at all and we were there for seven days ! ! ! ! ! seocndally , they gave us a promotional 100$ royal dollars to cash in for the casino - -very good promotion , however to cash it you need to attend a meeting .
it would be good if they explain this because i brought it to the casino and they did not know what to do with it and then the hotel lobby told me i had to attend the meeting - -i am on vacation and do not have time to attend meetings , i just want to have fun ! ! ! ! lastly , the service at the information desk is only spanis , i understand that is there main tongue , however , it is a resort with several tourists , having them be bilingual would be more of an asset . . . especially since it is the information desk ? ! ?
i do not plan to go back to this specific resort .
for a bad time , call bavaro princess i just returned from the bavaro princess .
stayed from 7/25 - 8/1.
the hotel staff was not receptive towards any questions or concerns .
i contacted the vip coordinator on several occasions to have issue 's resolved and the problems continued .
i booked a king size bed and when i arrived they pushed 2 double beds together .
i asked why they did not give me the king size and they said that none was available .
i met a couple by the beach that checked in 3 hours after i did and they had a king size bed .
i asked the vip coordinator for a new iron because the one in the room was broken .
after returning from a day on the beach , the iron was not replaced .
they did not clean our room on several occasions .
when i asked the reason for this they stated that we had left the do not disturb sign on the door .
that was a complete lie .
i would not recommend this hotel to anyone .
save your money - go to mexico save your money .
we spent a week here in januar and suffice it to say i 'll never go back .
the rooms and grounds were nicely decorated , but the staff do not seem to care about their jobs , nor do they seem to know the difference between regular and vip packages .
we paid for the latter but did not get everything our travel brochure said we were entitled to .
nice beach , but the food is heinous .
after one meal ( and no alcohol or tap water was involved ) i ( and half the people we spoke to ) was sick as a dog , and stayed that way for five of our seven days .
cleanliness is not something they take seriously , and this resort has no concept of the importance of keeping food cold enough or hot enough .
cruddy nightly entertainment , lack of hot water for baths and showers and lacklustre housekeeping .
this resort appeared to be a good deal for the money , but was terrible .
do yourself a favour and go to cuba or mexico .
el bavaro princess es una mierda !
que enba?o !
showreview (7970106, 'full ') ;  
ripped off , beware this place is not special , but i guess it 's a bargain .
since it 's lower end , expect poor and slow service .
also , the help will bully you into tipping them .
i was staying for a wedding .
they made us pay with a credit card when we checked in , stating that ( for some unknown reason ) they could not use the travelocity reservation , but that they would not charge travelocity .
what are you supposed to do in this situation , so we payed . guess what ?
they charged us twice for the same nights !
i tried to get this resolved with them .
no luck , they usually do not answer the phone and there is never a manager .
travelocity was not helpful , but from their point of view , i guess that makes since .
nevertheless , i 'll probably go with orbitz or some place else .
then my visa card looks into it and accepted the lie that it was an additional tax .
an additional tax of 100% ? ?
this is who they are at melia in the dr , so beware . p . s . roaches and snakes 
save your money ! ! !
this was by far the worst all - inclusive hotel that i have ever stayed in .
let me start with the fact that we did not pay for royal service ; however , we expected acceptable service , which was not provided .
we arrived at the front desk  had to wait 45 minutes to check in .
once we checked in , they sent us to our room , which they claimed was ready .
we took about a 1/2 mile walk ( there is a train that runs every 20 minutes ) to our room to find that the a/c was being worked on ( looked like it exploded ) , so we could not get into our room  was faced with a 1/2 mile walk back to the front desk .
we finally got into our room , changed  went to the buffet ( which was decent , particularly for all - inclusive ) .
when we returned to our room ( around midnight ) , we were locked out of our room .
we had to walk the 1/2 mile back to the desk to get our key ( credit card type ) recharged .
we stayed at the hotel for four days and had to get our key re - charged at least 10 times .
i spent more time in the hotel lobby than on the beach .
we were there for a wedding  this was a problem for almost everyone there for the wedding (40 people ) .
though we complained , it did not matter .
unless you were royal service , they did not care what you thought of the hotel . further , to get to the breakfast/lunch buffets , you had to go past the time share desk .
they would pounce on you every time , even if you said you were not interested .
i felt that the hotel was more concerned with selling the time shares than taking care of their guests .
it got so bad that we eventually started sneaking into the buffets to avoid the sales pitch . the beach is wonderful and the pool bar was fun ; however , i have stayed at lower star 'd hotels in dr and had a better experience .
my recommendation is to avoid this over sized hotel unless you want to be hasseled by sales people and treated like second class citizens as non - royal service .
melia diarrhea tropical we went with a group of 10 people and i have been home for two days and am finally off of the toilet long enough , i hope , to write this .
like just about everyone writing about this place , the grounds were beautiful and well maintained .
check in gave us our first glimpse of what was to come .
apparently noone in the dr has , or ever will utter these four words  may i help you .
after waiting to check in for 20 minutes we finally cornered a desk clerk .
a resort this size with as many americans visiting should have at least one staff member fluent in english .
it definitely would cut down on the check in times if they could understand us and we understand them .
they also need to at very least be able to give us correct information . i think , we were told royal service was $70 a day per person ( another $2500 for my group of 4, a bit much do not you think , melia ) while another family in our group was quoted $90 a day per person by a different clerk .
never did get an answer on that one .
it was after 3:30pm when we arrived at our room only to find the beds unmade and towels on the floor .
any motel 6 in the world will not let you go to your room if it 's not ready but this 4 star just sent you on your way .
the room was ok but try to get a first floor room if you still want to go .
the second floor rooms have vaulted ceilings and the air just does a minimal job while the first floor rooms were actually cold .
one bed was fine while the other was caved in the middle .
maid service was hit or miss .
we never did get our fourth towel for 4 people and the room was not made up one day even at 4:30 pm ( four star ) .the shower water temp control was non existent ( no cold water . .nothing like a hot shower on a sunburn ) and the toilet filled with scalding hot water when flushed making each and every all too often visit all that much more special .
the restaurants were just ok and the food was passable if you could keep it down or in . the manditory reservations are a joke .
all the restuarants always had empty tables .
the buffet was ok and even had saltine crackers available for a short time for those of us that could not eat anything else .
everyone in our group was in great spirits the first day and wondering what all the negative reports were about . then . . . . . . . everyone in our party was sick beginning the second day with vomiting and diarrhea .
the kids in our group seemed to bounce back , but the the adults all had a very long week , even with imodium .
bar service at the pool was also hit or miss .
some days you got your 8oz semi cold drink or beer quickly and other days you just stood and sweat because you did not exsist .
we have to agree with another report posted here about tipping .
if your provide decent service a tip is in order , but in the dr you are expected to tip everyone before they do anything whether it 's done correctly or not .
side trips are another adventure .
trips are not refundable unless you call your special agent  the night before your adventure to cancel .
that must be why there 's a phone on the wall by the toilet .
if you are sick the morning of your trip , too bad , most trips leave at 8 am and your special agent does not roll in till 9:30.
we were told by him that i needed $150 medical excuse from the hotel in order to get a $75 trip refunded . . . makes perfect sense to me .
right ? !
it is a different planet outside the resorts .
apparently in the dr garbage belongs on the side of the road , if you want to call that pot holed piece of asphalt a road .
public beaches are just another place for locals to dump stoves , refrigs , cars , etc . and set up yet another almost free  tablet of trinkets .
in another 5-7 years the whole island will be a land fill .
it really is too bad the natives think so little of their paradise .
t he beach was ok , however this was the first island in the carribean that we visited that has ever had seaweed or some type of vegetation washed up on the sand .
the pool was ok , but not refreshing .
could have been cleaner . . . yuk !
the trains to transport you around the compound were sporadic , some days really good and other days not so good and one really needed to be overhauled .
diesel smoke and high temps and humidity make for a less than enjoyable ride .
the casino was small and extremely smokey .
ca not tell you much about the entertainment because we were usually scrambling back to our rooms after dinner for an imodium nightcap .
would we go back ?
hell never !
not for that kind of money .
if tourism is going to be the dr 's major industry besides tobacco , they 've got a really long way to go as far as service and health issues before they even come close to any of the other carribean islands or cruise lines .
not a great choice my husband and i visited this hotel for our anniversary trip .
we take a trip to the caribbean every year and we chose the dominican republic .
we were aware that we had to pay the $10.00 to get in the country ; but we were not aware that in order to get good service you had to pull out a dollar .
we paid a lot of money for this all inclusive resort and we had to upgrade to royal service and tip non stop to get decent service .
the customer service is not the best ; the dominican people are not the friendliest .
i understand that their country is very poor , but they do have a job to do and that is to serve the guest at the resort .
i believe in tipping , but usually after i receive good service .
i must say the food was good , but the bartenders did not make good drinks at all .
every time you ask for a drink if they did not have a spanish name for it they did not know what it was .
i do not recommend this resort to anyone that does not speak spanish fluently .
it is a huge communication barrier and that interferes with your service .
please avoid the ??elcome package? ? it is a time share/ vacation package presentation .
this was a major turn off , i am trying to enjoy my expensive vacation and you have people manipulating you to receive a package and waste at least 2 hours of your day .
if you are not on the royal service side you have to wait for a train in the hot sun to come and get you to take you to the main building for the restaurants and entertainment . (
huge problem ) the pool closed at 7 pm ; i have a sun allergy so i have to swim when the sun goes down .
the people in this country are mostly hustlers and they use the communication barrier as a way to get over on you .
the souvenirs are not a reasonable price ( do not go to higuey they are the same price ) and you will find most of the souvenir shops along the beach .
i do not feel it was enough activities planned for the guest on the resort ; it was rather bland and boring .
the beach is open to the locals that try to sell items and excursion ; that was very annoying as well .
if you are planning to visit this resort please have a lot of dollar bills or pesos because your service depends on it .
please read before booking melia caribe tropical before i begin to detail our experience at the melia caribe tropical in punta cana , dominican republic let me first explain that this was the honeymoon my husband and i never had the opportunity to go on .
this trip was ten years in the making and something we had worked , saved and planned for .
to say the trip was a disappointment would be a gross understatement .
our initial welcoming into the hotel was non existent , we got off the hotel shuttle as we watched our bags thrown on the sidewalk .
after waiting several minutes for some kind of greeting , direction , explanation , and several attempts to speak to the bellhops we were pointed in the direction of the front desk and told to leave our belongings out front .
we approached the front desk which had no line just masses of people bunched around the counter .
when we finally were able to get someone to respond to us we were told that our room was not ready and we would have to wait another 30 minutes .
check in time was 3:00, we were told this at approximately 3:15.
we waited the 30 minutes and returned to a similar scene at the front desk .
the woman working the desk completely ignored us for about 10 minutes before finally telling us she would check our room .
we stood there for another 30-40 minutes while she repeatedly took other customers without ever checking on our room .
at one point she took the information booklet she had given us earlier containing our towel passes and with our room number written on it and crossed out the room number and gave it to another customer in line .
we finally were given a room after approximately an hour and a half , and more than a full hour after check in time .
although i understand things happen and rooms are not always ready on time , it was the complete lack of concern , apology , or even common courtesy that was very upsetting .
the front desk acted as if we should be grateful we got a room at all .
our next incident occurred when we went to retrieve our bags from out front , which were still sprawled on the sidewalk where they had been thrown .
obviously eager to finally get to the room , we asked the bellhop to please take them to our room .
we were told they would be there in 2 hours !
not willing to wait that long , my husband had to carry them the considerable distance to our room since , we were told by several passing workers in golf carts that they could not give us a ride .
we had hoped that this would be an end to the problems on our much - anticipated trip .
the same unsatisfactory and many times down right rude customer service that greeted us on our arrival continued through out the trip .
dinner reservations were messed up , we were told we had none , until we physically had to point to our name on the list and show the ??ost? ? where it was .
countless times we were out right ignored while trying to take advantage of the ??ll inclusive? ? services .
simple requests like ??ay i have two beers ? ? ? were answered with stares if at all .
our room , which we had been so desperate to get into , was located directly above a room being renovated .
drills and saws are not part of what i consider a relaxing vacation .
when we asked to be moved because of the disruption , we were told no .
as a matter of fact the only thing the staff did seem ready to respond to any request was no !
the one thing we did enjoy about this trip , a snorkeling tour , not affiliated with the meli? caribe tropical , was even ruined by the hotel .
we ordered a dvd of the experience to share with our family .
the dvd was delivered to the hotel , which lost it .
again , we were met with the same poor attitude that was the norm on this trip , ??h well , it is not here , there is nothing we can do? ?
never in my life did i think i would be counting the days until my dream vacation was over .
this trip was a nightmare from start to finish .
i have never written a letter like this before , but i can not in good conscience let anyone else spend their hard earned money and wasted their all too precious time with loved ones experiencing the things my husband and i dealt with while at the meli? caribe tropical .
terrible service , inconsistent food , all - in - all a horrible experience if you are looking for excellent service , great food , and management that is responsive to your needs , this is not the place for you .
i heard some good things about punta cana and my ta highly recommended this resort .
the nightmare started at check - in , while we were kept waiting over an hour just to register .
it went downhill from there .
the service was extremely spotty ; while some of the workers were wonderful , the hotel management was extremely rude and arrogant .
do not expect to get reservations in any restaurants unless you tip one of the workers to make one for you .
the kicker when when my husband broke his foot on the property , and management did absolutely nothing to help us or make our stay easier .
in fact , they made him walk close to a mile , with a broken toe , to medical services .
the management never provided the ride they promised , and any worker in a golf cart he tried to flag down would not give him a ride because he had a wrong color bracelet on .
meanwhile , this man is in excruciating pain .
what kind of people are these ? ?the food was good at some meals , inedible at others .
my daughter 's room was infested with 100s of tiny ants .
they were in the bed , in the bathroom , in her clothes , everywhere and the management gave us nothing but arguments when we wanted to move .
unless you are staying in the royal service expect nothing better than 2- star treatment ; and even the royal service , while better , was inconsistent .
some rooms had bathrobes , others none .
we did not get the daily newspaper , suite treats or turndown service promised .
if you complain to management you get lip service - -if you 're lucky .
usually , you get an argument .
to say the service was deplorable is an understatement . i am extremely sorry i listened to my ta 's recommendation to book this resort and i am telling everyone i can to never , never travel to this resort .
please save your money ! in case you are thinking i am being fussy , i spoke to 3 other american couples ( one from texas , one from philadelphia , and another from nj ) who had the same complaints we had .
while the surroundings were pretty and the spa was fabulous , none of none of us would ever , ever stay there again .
beware dates visited melia caribe tropical 6/19/08 until 6/27/08.
on my urging my wife booked our trip through travelocity for the two of us and our three children and my brother who had his own room .
immediately upon our arrival to the resort the employees at the concierge desk were very eager to help us make dinner reservations for that night and in return we attend a 90 minute presentation of a sol melia vacation club . that night we ate at the guarapo the dominican restaurant which was very good as were all the restaurants the problem was getting a reservation .
dinner reservations are obtained by calling ext 6313 after 9 am but by the time you get through at around 9:15 am everthing was taken so you would need to call at 1:30 pm to see if there were any cancellations so instead of enjoying yourself at the beach or pool you needed to be worried about getting back to the room to call again .
the problem with the reservations for dinner goes back to the sol melia vacation club as the employees use it as a way to get you to go in exchange for dinner reservations they get points ?
for referring guests .
we went to the presentation on the third day of our stay after becoming friendly with guillermo one of the towel boys at the pool .
the presentation actually took around three hours in which they took us to there other resorts which were beautiful but we did not wish to purchase the membership .
my brother was actually confronted by the concierge who had originally had scheduled the presentation he is known as erasmo . com he stopped my brother in the lobby and questioned him as to why we had gone to the presentation after he had made dinner reservations for us .
my brother did not answer this employee but called guest relations and spoke to maralys and told her what had happened and she was very apologetic and would look into it and sent a fruit platter and a bottle of rum to both of our rooms which was a nice gesture but not needed if the employees would just do there job .
speaking of empolyees who do there job well was mario the bartender at the bar he was fantastic . there were many others who are very eager to please . like i said before the restaurants capri ( seafood ) , guarapo ( dominican ) , hokkaido ( japanese ) , ma maison ( french ) were excellent except that my daughter got sick the night after eating in the french restaurant ( she threw up twice ) .
the gondola ( italian ) was ok and the a/c was broken so it was warm in the restaurant .
as far as our room was concerned the a/c was never cold enough the maid would turn off the electricity in the room after cleaning it so when we would come in from the beach/pool we would have to turn it on by turning the card around upon entering the room .
i needed to spend 30 minutes every evening killing the mosquitoes , i also spent alot of time in the bathroom flushing the toilet as there was not alot of water pressure .
i finally figured it out and found a kids sand bucket at the pool and would fill that with water and use it to flush . i actually thought about leaving after our third or fourth day there .
we were so happy to have our bracelets for the resort cut off this morning after check out and to get home . there is no place like home .
one time only and not again . . . .
the room . . . late check in , only one person at the front desk .
room requested was not ready .
gave us another room .
the room was dirty and had roaches .
maintenance showed up late afternoon to spray the room .
we were always short of towels and one day the housekeeper forgot the toilet tissue too , so we had to call for service .
housekeepers do not vaccumm the rooms , they just sweep and mop .
there was hair every where .
one day they forgot to turn the room , so we had to call for service again .
each housekeeper carries 16 rooms per day . . . the spa . . . the steam room was out of service , the sauna did not work and the jacuzzi was cold and dirty .
the attendant answer was we are waiting for parts to complete repairs .
we had to go barcelo palace resort next door for spa services and for half of the price . . . the restaurants . . . dinner reservations are very limited and you will be lucky if someone answers the phone after 9am every day .
the food overall is good but not great .
if you do not get a dinner reservation , then you will end up eating at the market place buffet , and good luck again . . . the golf . . . very expensive for the quality of service and condition of the course .
do not even try the practice range , the balls are so hard and heavy that my #5 club broke on impact during practice .
i brought my son 's and mine clubs in one bag ; but the attendant tried to force me to rent another bag so the ranger would not get upset . . . all they want is your money .
the golf shop was selling 3 balls for us$16.00.
i came fully prepared to have a good time with my son ; but it was hell in paradise , employees had no sense of customer service whatsoever , all they wanted was to sell us more and more poor services .
i got upset and left the course ; but fully refunded . . . the entire resort personnel is in vacation packages sales and you feel under constant pressure during your stay .
the sales personnel also enjoy the breakfast buffet with the resort guests and they not even say good morning to you ; but they want your money big time .
be careful . . . .very poor management . this experience was a one time only and not again .
stay away comfortable is not the word to be used to describe this place . it is true that the resort has grounds are well cared for .
the lobbies and marketplace are nice as well and that is where the positives ended for me . beware : the trains that take you around spew black clouds of nasty smoke and so do the little mopeds that all the staff ride around on .
the stench and noise is really bad , i??e never been to a place so gassed and smelly in canada or us .
the sidewalks in the alleys are covered in oil so if you are not jumping side to side to give way to passing vehicles while covering your nose you are still forced to smell all the oil that?? evaporating under the sun . the beach stinks of gasoline too because of all the speedboats constantly going by and a little inflatable flying boat .
the washrooms are far from the beach with all the logical consequences and the calm standing waters of the ocean make it nastier .
you have to wear a shirt , shorts and sandals in the beach buffets so if your bathing suit is still damp and you are hungry you again have to be inconvenienced one way or the other . the rooms are old and dated and if you don?? give a bribe your room will probably face a very busy road with roaring smelly vehicles and a train that rings its bell at all hours of day or night .
you are given each one bath towel so if you take a shower in the evening be prepared to use the same old wet towel in the morning .
and what genius thought of putting the only hooks in the bathroom right over a bide ? the food was mediocre as expected the service was the same ? ? dominicans are a long way from understanding what customer service is .
asking 3 different people for a drink at breakfast and being reprimanded for being late for dinner ( what happened to the ??ominican time? ? ) because of an issue with a door lock is not enjoyable . so a 2 -3 star resort at best as far as i am concerned !
horrible service and food but a beautiful property it took us over 1 hour to check into this hotel even with the royal service - premium check in .
the staff is extremely unfriendly and unhelpful .
at the royal service pool , there are typically 3 to 4 guys standing around doing nothing but checking out the women .
they do not smile , they do not say hello and when we say hello in spanish , they usually do not respond .
we took my parents and sister and considered actually leaving 2 days early .
we have traveled to over 17 countries and stayed in 5 star hotel and 2 star hotels .
this was probably the worst service that we have ever received .
on the other hand , the place is truly beautiful and lush .
the grounds are very well kept and the rooms are acceptable .
it is a shame that the service is not on par with the grounds .
we wo not return 
will not return the resort was overbooked during our stay .
check - in was a nightmare .
booking a reservation in a la carte restaurant was possible but what we found was that booking activities at the resort and actually honoring a reservation are two different things .
on more than one occasion members of our group made reservations for dinner or some other free resource ( paddle boats , kayak , etc . ) only to find , for one reason or another , our reservation would not be honored . be prepared to tip to get any service let alone good service . i will never return !
definely not 5- star my partner and i booked via thomson to stay at this 5- star ( ? ) hotel over christmas and new year , 2006/7.
my partner was recovering from pneumonia and medical advice was ??ake a relaxing holiday? ?
how wrong we were in choosing this place .
the service was abysmal , middle management was ineffective and senior management unreachable .
the food was acceptable but definitely not 5- star , on arrival , check - in took over 30 minutes at the reception and a further 15 minutes to reach the apartment .
a ground floor apartment had been requested , because of my restricted mobility ; we were given one on the first floor .
the next morning the tour operator?? rep established that ground floor apartments were and had been available at the time of our arrival and arranged for us to be moved .
due to the speed at which the staff operate , this meant a wasted day , mainly because the new apartment?? safe required activation and the electric door keys that had been issued would not function properly .
frequent telephone calls to customer service had no effect .
my partner was therefore forced to hike to and from reception , some 15 minutes away , several times before getting keys that appeared to work .
that evening , the keys failed again and i was stranded for thirty - five minutes , outside at 23:30 hrs .
whilst my partner , yet again , was forced to go to the reception to get the issue resolved .
this however proved to be a temporary resolution as the saga of the keys continued the next day ; entailing further hikes to the reception entailing a further lose of holiday time .
in all , eleven sets of keys were issued , over the course of two days , before a technician finally arrived to service the lock .
the matter was further exacerbated by a failure of the bathroom lock , trapping me in the bathroom .
however , as i threatened to break the window unless action was taken immediately , the technician , this time , arrived quickly to resolve the problem . the apartments were large and generally well cleaned , although sometimes this could be somewhat hit and miss , the procedure for reserving seating at the various restaurants for dinner left a lot to be desired .
on occasions , one was placed on telephone ??old? ? for up to twenty minutes . a diesel driven ??rain? ? service is provided to get around the very large site .
it was supposed to run at fifteen minutes and took approximately a further fifteen minutes to circle the site but as no timetable was published , it could take , if one just missed a ??rain? ? thirty minutes to reach the reception .
the gardens are immaculate , have peacocks running loose and the small lakes have pink flamingos .
there are however several well - disguised marshy areas which caused somewhat of a problem with mosquitoes .
the swimming pools are large , very clean , and well kept .
the beach is excellent with soft clean sand .
the seaweed , obviously outside of the hotel?? control , was kept well in check .
both the pool and beach areas had more than adequate sun beds . new years eve festivities , which continued well into the small hours , were excellent and included a fantastic firework display . overall , the holiday , considering the site layout and general attitude of the management staff , were reminiscent of the ??illy butlins holiday camps? ? of my youth .
we will not be returning !
worst resort i have ever stayed in this place was hands down the worst resort i have ever stayed .
i would never recommend this resort or even punta cana to anyone i know .
there are three positives of this resort :1.
the beach is fabulous . . . the sand is super soft , the water is calm , and the people watching is priceless .2.
the pool area is large and there is plenty of seating always available .3.
the grounds are beautiful and well kept .
maybe they could take a couple of those landscapers and put them behind a desk to help guests instead . the negatives to highlight a few :1.
service is non - existent .
we had priority check in b/c we were with a large group and that was still over an hour !
after the trek to our room , we found our keys did not work .
we never could get anyone to help us or bring us a new key .
the bartended looked at us like we had a third eye when we asked him to call the front desk .
after hoofing it back to the front desk , we waited another 30 minutes to get the new keys without so much as a sorry for the inconvenience .
lovely .2.
food is horrible !
the buffets are at best filler . . . . . the belly gets full but it has no taste .
the sit down dinners are marginal and the only way to get decent service is to give some nice tips to the waiter ahead of time .
3. making dinner reservations was a joke !
you could only make them the day of starting at 9 am .
well , at 9 am , they were all allegedly filled again . . . . .
they would ask you to call back at 3:30 or 4 pm to see if they could work you in .
amazingly enough , each day , they were able to work you in . . . . . and then when you got to the restaurant . . . . . .all the tables were never full .
one day i had to call 4 times to get a table and then the restaurant was not even close to full !
all in all , when i am going to any type of resort , i am expecting service . . . .service sells !
this place really needs some work !
believe the bad reviews we flew airtransat out of toronto .
actually over 60 of us travelled from across canada for our mid winter meeting .
all the bad reviews are true .
i did not choose this hotel or destination .
we were off for a 1 week business meeting and another week of vacation .
by day 4 the national association decided we would never return .
good thing .
if i had to personally pay for this i would just be sick .
i think i figured out the problem of this hotel .
it has grown quickly too fast .
i understand last year they had 2 million guests , this year 3 million .
they do not have staff .
they do not have front desk people who know what they are doing .
they cannot make a decision , they get another person with a different decision , they get someone else until the manager comes out .
a manager one night will tell you something and a manager the next , a different story .
yes , i had fun .
yes it is the most beautiful property i have ever stayed on .
yes the staff you ran into on the grounds are lovely people .
however , i need a vacation from this vacation .
it was work to get a reservation for dinner for example .
three of us would call every morning approx .
7 30am with a different room number to get a seat for dinner .
nine times out of ten we got the 9 45pm time slot .
this became hilarious and a daily joke .
i cannot imagine bringing children there .
in conclusion , i am still waiting for my washcloth .
the worst stay away this was the worst vacation experience i have ever had .
please search for  read the negative reviews for this hotel - pay attention to them .
i do not know why they seem to be from long ago , but believe me this place is hideous .
i have been all around the world and this is inexcusable . first you need to know the food is inedible .
totally inedible .
in the 20 hours we spent there , the only thing we could find to eat that was safe were 2 bags of peanut mm 's from the store , and an omelet from breakfast .
lunch and dinner were surprisingly hideous .
the smell of the food was bad enough , but i knew once i tasted it to not swallow .
we ran into several people who were violently ill .
one group had 6 out of 8 hospitalized .
they had no doubt as did i that it was due to the food .
i have read many of the negative reviews on this site ( hard to locate , but just search by negatives ) - there are so many reports of horrible food - - please do not disregard these ! we paid for first class plane upgrades to get out of there as fast as possible in case we were going to get sick as we wanted to be in an american hospital . the hotel is pretty to look at , but huge and disorganized .
you can not find your room .
the signs are horrid , and the staff is not helpful .
they are disinterested and point you in the wrong direction .
many people are wandering around lost . our room was totally musty smelling and they changed us ( but it took hours ) , and the next room while better was still hideous .
this was the worst vacation experience in my life , and it was totally due to the hotel .
soup to nuts it was hideous .
if you like large cockroaches in your room i just came back from the melia resort after spending 1 week there .
i found a total of 4 large cockroches in the closet , washroom , or just running around .
the resort was very big and beautiful but not convinient when you have children .
the food was terrible . . . do not go to the chinese restaurant unless you like your chow mein as spagetti noodles .
tiny ants in the washroom and all over the walls .
i had to change my room twice ! ! ! ! ! ! ! good luck if you choose this resort and do not bring children to the beach unless you do not mind being bitten by sand bugs ! ! ! ! ! ! have fun ! !
awful if it rains if it rains , be prepared for your children to have absolutely nothing to do .
there are no inside facilities for them , no entertainment and no video arcade as advertised on their website .
not even a lousy small room for the kids to hang out in and watch a movie .
if it rains your kids willl drive you crazy ! !
never in a million years yes , it is true that the pools are outstanding and clean .
it is also true that the grounds are beautiful with peacocks and flamingos roaming around but , that 's where paradise ends .
we arrived with our two children ( 3yr old and a 7 mth old ) in the afternoon .
after an abrupt check in where we were told we could not get towel cards till the morning , we were given directions to walk to our room .
no esort , no tour , nothing .
beware of the friendly employee who then pounces on you to show you to your room .
he is a salesman ( one of many that slink around the entire complex all hours of the day and night ) trying to sign you up for orientation ( a sales pitch for a time share ) that will only take up an hour of your time .
the room was nice , nothing great and certainly not 5 star .
the problem was the 4 phone calls for the crib that was supposed to be there .
it arrived around 9 pm finally .
also we had to make 2 phone calls for the bags after waiting over an hour for them . if you are traveling with children under the age of one , the baby club will be fine for them .
they feed , change and play with the babies in an air conditioned room with an attached room with cribs for naps .
the club for 2-4 years old is the same room . . we asked about the outdoor jungle gym and sand box area and were told that it is for the older campers (4-13) and when they are done being outside for the day maybe the younger kids will be brought outside .
needless to say the 3 year old did not want to stay in the baby room , so he spent his days with us .
we noticed that there were alot of kids his age with their parents outside of the club and in general agreement the other parents found the club a dissapointment as well .
the food was okay , always the same at the buffets for breakfast and lunch .
they do have many resturants but , you need to make reservations @ 7am and even then they are booked until 10 pm .
therefore dinner was a buffet as well .
you need to be aware of the schedules of the resturants because some do not serve dinner .
of course we found this out after a 30 minute wait and trolley ride across the resort . the front desk and guest services were very unhelpful and barely spoke english .
we were constantly put on hold and transfered like they were hoping that you would just give up .
just an example : we ordered same day service laundry on wednesday @ 8am .
by 6:30 the laundry had not reutrned .
we were leaving on thursday and were cleaning our long pants for the trip back .
we made 2 phone calls to the front desk .
no response .
i then walked to the guest services where he made quite a show of calling 2-3 numbers .
he assured me that he talked to the manager of the laundry and we would have our laundry soon .
i returned to the room expecting our clothes to show up soon after . . . . 11:15pm there is a knock on the door .
our still damp laundry is returned under the wire for same day service .
we brought up this issue at the front desk and refused to pay for the service .
instead of adhereing to the mantra  the customer is always right they tried to make us feel like dirt .
the manager dramatically took the money out of his own wallet and handed it to the receptionist to pay .
if he thought for one moment we would be shamed into paying he was dead wrong .
the gift shops are very expensive ! ! !
an example : a package of travel wipes ( (12) was $4.
and the picking are slim .
do not leave home without medicine for your stomach .
we all got sick and are still sick 2 days later .
vacation ! ! ! ! following our two week vacation at the melia caribe tropical in the dominican republic , we would like to share our experience with you .
we were 3 adults , 1 child .
occupying two rooms from july 23 to august 6, 2005.1. i arrived with my daughter on july 23 in the afternoon .
my wife and sister - in - law arrived i the morning of july 24 at 4 am .
upon my arrival , the front desk clerk confirmed we had two rooms side by side and my wife just had to sign the check - in card to gain access to the room .
unfortunately , when my wife arrived at the hotel her name had be deleted from the computer .
she had to explain and argue for 30 minutes before she was given a key to our room .
she had provided the voucher showing she had paid the room in advance and that she had a confirmed reservation at the hotel .
the clerk at the front desk refused to even look at her passport or acknowledge the voucher . as for my sister - in - law , she was told that they didn?? have a room for her .
her reservation voucher showed a confirmation for a s single occupancy room .
they also refused to look at her passport or even check if there was information left earlier in the day explaining the arrangement i had obtained upon check - in earlier in the day .
they said no message had been left , but did not appear to have checked .
they then noticed that her name was under my room .
she had to wait for 1 ? hre before she got a room .
i also called the reception desk to help clear up the matter , but to no avail .
2. my sister - in - law was shown to a room that was filty and bad melling .
the bathroom had not be cleaned very well .
the bidet was stained with urine , the sink not too clean either , dust visible everywhere .
the room was finally cleaned well during the afternoon of the next day .
the location was noisy .
construction would start around 6 am across the road .
she was finally given another room at the end of the second day .
unfortunately , the room smelled badly of cigar .
it was passibly clean .
she asked housekeeping to spray the room for the bad odor and wash the floor .3. the morning my wife arrived , an employee pounded on the door very hard until i answered the door .
we had the ??o not disturb? ? sign
on the doorknob .
the employee gave us the reservation voucher my wife handed to the clerk upon her arrival ! !
the same thing happened to my sister - in - law .
doesn?? the hotel staff know not to knock at guest rooms when the do not disturb sign is up , unless it is an emergency ?
or at least slip the paper under the door ?
we were also awaken at 11.30 pm the same night by the front desk clerk asking us for the number appearing on the identification bracelets given to us upon check - in .
we were all sleeping by then ? ? both rooms .
i have a four year old daughter .4.
i paid for the security safe in the room upon my arrival .
the safe did not work .
the front desk clerk tried to explain how to activate the safe .
it still did not work .
i had to explain a number of times that all this did not work .
they said they would send someone in 45 minutes .
i refused because my daughter was waiting to go to the beach .
in the evening , i asked the front desk clerk for help .
the same explanation was given .
once back in the room , it still did not work .
the next day , i called the front desk , it had been 24 hours since my arrival and the safe was still not activated .
i was starting to feel anxious about leaving valuables unlocked .
finally , an employee at the front desk checked the key , it hadn?? been activated for the safe .
i had to go back to the front desk to have it activated .5.
at our first family dinner , at the los atabales buffet restaurant , we asked the waiter for a spoon for our daughter twice in 15 minutes .
my wife decided to go ask some waiters who standing near the buffet .
they ignored her , so she took the spoon herself .
an employee asked very rudely : ??hat do you want ? ? ? and hit my wife on the shoulder with the top of her hand .
the employee?? name was julianne .6.
the next day , my wife and sister - in - law spent half the day between the front desk and client services explaining what has happened to her the previous evening .
my sister - in - law was still awaiting that a new room and that the room she was occupying be at least cleaned properly .
after waiting a few hours , they were told to register a complaint in writing in a special log book .
they insisted on meeting someone from management .
after more waiting , they finally met mr . edward valdez .
he listened intently , he did not offer an apology , he mentioned that he would investigate the matter , and talk about all this to the director and get back to us .
he asked what he could do in order to make our stay more enjoyable .
in the end he suggested he could reserve the ?? la carte? ? restaurants for us for the duration of our stay .
we asked for a late check - out on august 6.
we were leaving the hotel at 1.30 am on august 7.
my sister in - law asked for a new room , he said he would have to get back to her .
he said he would have her room thoroughly cleaned in the meantime .
mr valdez never came back to us on what happened to my wife in the restaurant .7.
the first restaurant reservation made by mr valdez did not register at the ??merican steak house? ?
we were disappointed and were made to feel that we were lying .
other customers by the way were very irate that evening at the same restaurant .
we agued and finally got a table after the supervisor of restaurants called mr valdez , but she still tried to send us to another restaurant first .
the american steak house : was not full and did not fill up for the rest of the evening .8.
we left two pairs of sandals by a deck chair by the pool .
when we went to get them , they had disappeared .
my wife spent two hours getting directions to the lost and found service .
the towel service clerk did not know where she should go .
she was told to go to the activities pavilion by the beach .
upon her arrival , an employee asked her if she spoke english , and started to laugh , he then entered the pavilion and looked her straight in the eyes and said something in spanish in a low voice .
she promptly left as she felt scared and did not like his condescending way .
she went through the same thing with the towel service clerk , but this time there were some hotel guests present ( all men ) .
they started to stare at the floor .
one of they guest spoke english and helped my wife .
he mentioned she should see the director of activities .
she did , and she lodged a written complaint .
he was very nice and apologized twice for the situation .
he mentioned that he was having problems with some employees .
one of the employees arrived and understood what was going on , turned his back to remove his name badge .
the director apologized again , took down the details of the incident and our room number .9.
one evening upon our return to our room , there were 25 or so ants in the bed sheets .
we did not sleep very well that night .
the next morning , we noticed that the maid was leaving the sheets around were ants could easily find there way in the sheets .
we asked her not to change our sheets anymore .
we paid $9832 canadian for both rooms .
we were supposed to go to riviera maya at your paradisus resort . our trip was cancelled at the last minute because of the hurricane .
we chose the melia resort because it was a five - star hotel .
this wasour worst travel experience .
to our great disappointment , the melia caribe tropical does not value its customers . we have been traveling extensively for the last fifteen years . (dominican
republic , venezuela , europe , bahamas , hong kong , india , los cabos , riviera maya , guadeloupe ) .
staying at the fiesta resort , hilton , intercontinental , leela , club med , leading hotels of the world , kempinski , barcelo , nh hotels . we understand that some things could go wrong , but the problems we experienced during our stay at the melia caribe tropical were unacceptable and uncalled for .
there were other problems we experienced daily : rooms cleaned very late , no toilet paper , no water pressure in the shower and toilet .
it seems that the problems stem by overworked staff , lack of training in basic customer service and bad management on behalf of the hotel management .
