what an experience ! !
i could not say one bad thing about the casablanca hotel .
the location was ideal , the room was beautiful and the service was exceptional .
when you walk out the front door of the hotel , you 're only metres away from the southern end of times square .
in fact you can take photos of it from the front door of the hotel .
the casablanca upgraded my mum and i to a king - size room , which was roomy and very comfortable , and there was also an elevator to get mum upstairs , which was very helpful if you 're travelling with someone who 's a little older .
the staff were extremely helpful no matter what time of the night or day you walked through the door .
and rick 's cafe was my little haven !
we would go there at all hours of the day for a tea or coffee , for our afternoon wine and cheese session , and it was just a great place to relax and unwind after a long day of walking around nyc . breakfast was also lovely .
i would stay at the casablanca again in a heartbeat !
thanks to all the staff for making our stay so special ! !
it 's the little things . . . .
it is the little things that can make a hotel stay good or bad and i have to say that the service is what makes this hotel an excellent choice for staying in ny . three of us shared a king suite room and by midwest standards it is small , but by ny standards it was spacious .
there was street noise , but this is ny . . . you are not going to find quiet ! the little things that will bring me back to this hotel again are the staff and service .
the complimentary wine/cheese each evening and the breakfast bar were extremely nice to come back to/wake up to each day . . . and a money saver .
if you 've never been to ny these things will cost much more than you ever expect .
i also appreciated that these things were available all day . . . not just during certain hours .
after a long day of being in the city coming back to the lounge was quite nice . finally , while most hotels will hold your luggage for you after you check out , the hotel staff treated me like i was still checked - in .
i still had access to the amenities and after traveling to this city before , this is not always the case . this is a great stay because of its location to times square , broadway , public transporation , central location , etc . . . but the real reason is the staff and amenities .
fantastic stay at the casablanca i have just returned from a holiday in new york and had to leave my comments on the casablanca .
this is a wonderful hotel , there is absolutely nothing bad that i can say . before we left for new york we were contacted by the hotel to confirm our reservation and wish us a pleasant trip over which i thought was a nice gesture .
when we arrived we were upgraded to a king room , having booked a standard room .
the room was immaculate and extremely clean , nice touches included bottled water and chocolate , robes and a cd and dvd player . . . you could borrow new york related dvds from reception !
the room was also vey quiet considering the location .
on the location , you are a stone 's throw from times square and all amenities , it really is fantastic . the breakfast was great , pastries , bagels , cereal , tea , coffee , juices etc and the 1st floor lounge was a great place to unwind after a day 's shopping . . . .especially with a glass of wine ! finally , i ca not thank the hotel manager enough for the way in which he treated myself and my ( now ) fiance .
he helped him to arrange a surprise proposal complete with complimentary champagne . . . i have not met a nicer , more professional person and it was a pleasure to deal with him . what more can i say , book the casablanca , you will not be disappointed !
beautiful hotel lovely location just spent 3 nights at the casablanca , what a hidden gem , right on times square but away from the noise and hustle and bustle .
right from the time we stepped through the door and when we left the staff can not do enough for you .
we had been given a superior room at the back of the hotel , they was no view but it was lovely and quiet , the complimentary bathroom amenities , a lovely touch .
breakfast a perfect way to start the day , and all day tea and coffee is a great bonus .
staff are there 24 hrs a day and ready to help and offer advice .
cheese and wine every night a great way to meet other guests .
would reccommend heartland chophouse brewery just down the road for nice food , steaks , burgers , fish dishes and assorted beers which my husband said were good , all reasonably priced .
hotel is lovely and clean .
staff are so friendly and helpful .
i would recommend the casablanca hotel to anyone wanting a lovely hotel and central location .
mark and debbie gillen wakefield 
total satisfaction guaranteed , or i 'll eat my hat !
if i were to write how pleased i was with my trip , and in particular the standard of accommodation at the casablanca hotel , i could not write enough ! my trip was an indulgence to mark my 40th birthday , and i left my husband and children at home for some girls time with a very close and dear friend from sweden . we were very pleased with first impressions of the hotel and these were buoyed up for the duration of our stay .
lovely warm , clean room , big bathroom and good daily maid service .
we loved the relaxed atmosphere of the day lounge where breakfast and evening drinks were served daily as inclusive .
the girls who poured our drinks and toasted our bagels were delightful , interested in our trip and keen to anticipate our needs , we felt like family . in fact this has to be the casablanca trademark , high quality service , with an individual touch , we felt safe and welcomed each time we entered the lobby . our holiday could have been a disaster had we not had such a wonderful , place to lay our heads , i am so glad that we followed other trip advisor reviews and booked in at the casablanca .
we will return !
brava casablanca a lifelong friend and i stayed 4 nights at casablanca and will return .
everyone very helpful , especially the doorman whose name is al , i believe . location superb , at times square but oh so quiet .
we walked to theatres . great to get continental breakfast and wine and cheese every day .
loved the casablanca ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
we love this wonderful hotel .
i found this on the internet four years ago and we stay there every year .
a group of my girlfriends go to new york for 4 days every year .
once we found this place , there was no going back anywhere else .
in fact , we make our reservations every year when we leave for the next visit .
vanessa , at the front desk is so cheerful and helpful .
al was always there at the front door .
he even weighted our luggage for us because we thought our bags were overweight .
john always had a smile for us and was most helpful with anything we needed .
the ladies taking care of the breakfast and wine and cheese time were delightful as well .
always pleasant to talk to , and offering extra service when needed .
the rooms are just what you need when staying in new york city , since you do not spend alot of time in your room anyway .
we refer all of our friends to this hotel .
you meet the nicest people in this hotel at breakfast and at the wine and cheese time .
perfect location - perfect little hotel a welcoming staff greets you when you walk in the door .
the hotel is very european in size and style . . . rick 's cafe is warm and comfortable for breakfast and for a glass of wine after a show or shopping .
as philadelphians who enjoy broadway , thiis hotel will be our new home in nyc .
the diner next door is perfect for a late night hot pastrami or wonderful bowl of soup .
the atmosphere is calm and quiet , with times square just steps away .
the casablanca and billy elliott made for a wonder ful nyc escape .
thank you , john .
love it !
i loved the casablanca , i recently got married in new york and stayed at this gorgeous boutique hotel .
it was a group trip and there was 13 of us in total , every single one of my guests commented on how fantastic the casablanca were , the staff are so friendly and will help with anything they possibly can .
the breakfast really sets you up for the day and the staff will get you anything they can .
the casablanca could not put a foot wrong in our eyes and were fabulous .
i have to comment about john the manager , he was so helpful and i cannot understand the previous person 's post , he is so helpful and is clearly an educated man , he was always attentive to our needs and nothing was too much trouble .
i know we will be back to new york and i know we will stay at the casablanca again , it 's become our home from home !
casablanca is a real winner .
we stayed at the casablanca november 14 through the 16, 2008.
staying at the casablanca was truly a lovely experience .
we had read many reviews on tripadvisor and made our decision to stay based on the reviews .
we were very pleased .
our room was located in the back of hotel .
our room was very cozy and quiet .
my husband and i loved the tranquility of rick 's cafe .
you could leave the hustle and bustle of times square ( just a few feet away ) , read the paper , have a drink or a snack and , most of all , relax .
the continental breakfast was excellent and the wait staff very personable and attentive .
the desk staff and bellman were very helpful with directions and always greeted us on our entrance .
on our next visit we will certainly stay at the casablanca . by the way , tony denapoli 's , next door , served a terrific meal .
the brooklyn diner next door also served a delicious after theatre dessert .
an oasis just 50 paces from times square this was our first visit to new york from london and we could not have chosen a better hotel .
the staff were all knowledgeable , friendly and helpful and the room was clean and pleasant with all the facilities we could have wished for . although the hotel is only 50 paces from times square with all its noise and bustle , once inside , there is no noise to be heard .
being so close to times square and the subway meant that it was easy to get around either by walking or by subway . as it is a small hotel , we found that both staff and guests were very friendly and it was good to meet up with so many different people both at breakfast ( which was excellent ) , during the day and in the evening when cheese and wine were served .
tea , coffee , biscuits , pastries and fruit were available all day which was great as we found that sandwiches from delis were far too large !
we would thoroughly recommend this hotel both for its location and its ambiance and had a great stay .
the best choice in ny !
we were overwhelmed by the choice when trying to pick a hotel in ny and eventually made our decision based on reviews on the web . we spent 6 nights at this small but lovely hotel and can only confirm all the good things we had read .
it has a perfect location just off times square and several of the city 's attractions can be reached on foot .
it is the personal touches that make this hotel so special - the wonderful , helpful staff , the great quality breakfast , the complimentary wine and cheese , free use of the internet etc .
although the rooms are a little pokey , they are clean and nicely furnished .
i thoroughly recommend it to any tourists visiting the city .
18th birthday treat !
we stayed at the casablanca at the end of october for 5 nights .
it was our daughters 18th birthday present .
what a fabulous stay we had .
the staff were extremely helpful , very knowledgable and pleasant and could not do enough for us .
the location is fantastic , you step out of the door and there is times square !
if you are intending to visit the theatre then this place is perfect .
it is also perfect for other sights which are all within walking distance ( if you like to walk ) , we did not use the subway once .
fifth ave , broadway , empire state building , central park , grand central , ny public library , rockafeller centre , nbc were all easily accessible from this location . the inside of the hotel is lovely .
we stayed in the mini suite which was ideal , quite roomy with a good sized en - suite - all kept very clean .
the only downside , and this is not the hotels fault , was the noise at night .
we were at the front of the hotel and new yorkers love to use their car horns no matter what time of day or night it is .
if you are a light sleeper then take ear plugs ! breakfast was fab !
a continental style which set us up for the day .
staff are again very accomadating and friendly at breakfast .
the room breakfast is served in is very relaxing , soft furninshings , sofas etc . newspapers are there for you in the morning to read as you eat .
throughout the day hot and cold drinks are available as are cookies if you want to help yourself .
this i thought was a very nice touch and very welcoming at the end of the day .
the staff also layed out cheese and wine in an evening , this again being one of those touches that is fully appreciated and adds to the stay .
i would definately stay here again , i myself have every intention of coming back to new york .
it is one of the best cities in the world and i have visited many .
it is so easy to get around and there is so much to do .
we visited all the sites mentioned above as well as the statue of liberty and ellis island , the museums and a broadway show .
great small hotel .
very helpful staff .
i 'll start by saying that i prefer small hotels .
i usually stay at the hotel elysee in nyc , which i love , but this trip had more meetings nearer times square .
turns out this hotel is owned by the same company .
http : //www . hkhotels . us/home . asp .
i was a bit concerned about noise in that area , but my room was very quiet .
it was small ( bathroom door barely cleared the bed ) , but it was well - appointed and cozy .
the bathroom ( also small , but fine ) looked new with beautiful tile , nice toiletries , and it was spotless .
the cafe on the second floor is great for breakfast and a nice place to stop and regroup any time of the day as they have fresh coffee , tea , etc . available all day long .
the staff was excellent .
everyone was eager to help and to please .
i would definitely stay in this hotel again or any of the hk hotels for that matter as i am pleased with both i have tried .
i am eager to try out the other two ( library and giraffe ) on my next trips .
superb stay at the casablanca hotel spent a four day shopping trip at this idealy placed very comfortable hotel .
staff were allways happy , helpfull and made our stay easy and fun .
the rooms are comfy breakfast served in a lovely lounge area which was open all day for complinentary drinks and snacks .
perfectly positioned for the theatres or the shops just off times square 
great hotel recently stayed for 5 nights in the casablanca hotel , and from once we arrived to the time we checked out the service was fantastic . the room was beautifully appointed , and although not huge , there was plenty of space , i had being worried about this having heard about the tiny rooms in many new york hotels .
the bathroom was spotless .
with fresh fluffy towels , which were not only replaced every morning but also every evening if they had being used . ricks cafe which was opened 24 hours a day , was a peaceful oasis only a few steps from times square .
breakfast was served there , and tea , coffee , juices and biscuits were available all day free of charge .
complimentary wine and cheese were available between 5pm and 8pm every evening and was a great way to unwind after a hectic day shopping and sight seeing .
a computer with internet access was available in ricks cafe free of charge . should i get the chance to return to new york , i wo not have to spend hours trawling through the internet looking for a hotel as i will be booking the casablanca hotel .
fantastic hotel ! ! cant wait to come back my husband and i stayed here on the first leg of our honeymoon and absolutely loved it .
the hotel is small but so personal and the staff are so friendly  helpful without being in your face ! !
we were given an upgrade on our room plus a bottle of champagne as a token because of being on our honeymoon .
room was fabulous , clean  comfortable although quite small but it is new york and we were not spending much time in the room .
complimentary breakfast , food and wine was much appreciated and very nice !
free internet in the lounge was great and always working , yes maybe you have to wait a few minutes but hey not much to quibble about really ! ! location could not be any better , literally in times square .
fabulous restaurants nearby and always felt very safe .
cannot wait to come back to new york and we will definitly be staying in the casablanca again .
big thank you to john , the manager who gave us great advice on all the sights , restaurants and nightlife ! he made us feel so welcome and is a credit to the hotel !
excellent choice we stayed in this hotel for two nights pre - cruise on the strength of reviews on tripadvisor . must say it was an excellent choice .
we were travel weary when we arrived after a transatlantic flight and we requested a quiet room at the back .
'the staff at the check - in were most helpful and cheerful and gave us what we needed .
the room was very comfortable and clean and had complimentary internet facillities in the room . it was an oasis from the buzz of the ny streets .
excellent location , within a stone 's throw of times square .
rick 's cafe on the second floor welcomed us with complimentary wine and cheese . the staff at the front door were most helpful and really went out of their way to make our stay comfortable ; they are to be complimented . will certainly go back again .
loved it what a lovely place to stay ! !
because of its small size , only 43 rooms , it meant that you certainly got personalised service .
from the turn down service of a night to the charm and friendliness of the staff it could not be faulted .
centrally located so seeing all the new york has to offer was a breeze , but lovely and quite inside , nice to come back and relax to . would and have recommended it to all my friends and would definately stay there again .
casablanca is great !
we stayed here after reading the reviews on this site .
the casablanca is in an excellent location , just off times square .
the real bonuses of this hotel were free tea/coffee/biscuits all day and the cheese and wine reception between 5-7pm each evening .
breakfast was also good quality .
the staff were friendly and helpful . rick 's cafe provides a home from home living room and free internet access complete with printing facilities .
we would definitely stay here again .
a couple of tips we picked up from the reviews and would agree with are to request a rear facing room ( nice and quiet ) and to book the superior room for a bit of extra space . enjoy it !
great stay nice boutique hotel just steps from times square .
stayed four nights in mid - september and it could not have been better .
room was a bit small but very clean .
staff very friendly , helpful and eager to please .
the breakfast and nightly wine  cheese was a nice touch .
will be back again !
great hotel we are two couples from sydney australia who stayed at the casablanca hotel for 8 days in the middle of september .
we found the hotel oustanding in every respect .
need to view this hotel as 'the total package '.
it is located right in the heart of times square , rooms and bathrooms are spotless and well furnished , decor in rooms and hallways is impressive and the piece de resistance is rick 's cafe on the second floor with access to 24 hour coffee , snacks etc and free wine and cheese every evening .
also free internet access in the cafe .
this was a great place to relax and meet other guests .
this is a boutique hotel so will not offer all the amenities of a larger chain but this is what made the hotel so far as we were concerned - smaller , friendly staff and place to relax and socialise outside of your room .
when we arrived one room was very noisy and we asked to be moved .
this was no problem and we were quickly located to another room on the other side of the hotel .
received excellent service from all staff with a special mention for zishan and hassan who were exceptional in providing information and for their courtesy and friendly approach .
the hotel is certainly not in the budget category but we considered it worth the money , especially given the substantial complimentary breakfast , all day snacks and free wine from 6pm to 8pm .
we would definitely return .
wonderful hotel ! !
i do not understand the negative reviews of this hotel .
we were very impressed as soon as the doorman greeted us at the entrance .
check in was a breeze .
we arrived before noon , so our room was not ready , but that was expected .
we asked the front desk clerk for directions to a pub we wanted to try - he looked them up on the internet , called the facility to confirm that they were open , and reviewed the directions with them to make sure we would find it .
that 's service !
other staff memebers were equally helpful and very friendly . the rooms are small , but very clean as others have stated .
we had a room facing the courtyard and did not hear a bit of noise from the city . as others have stated the continental breakfast was a huge plus - assorted juices , coffee , tea , milk , yogurt , fruit salad , pastries , bagels , oatmeal , etc .
the wine and cheese in the evening was welcomed after a long day of sightseeing . do yourself a favor and stay at this hotel - location , service , comfort , cleanliness , and a good value for nyc !
our first visit to new york we have just returned from a weeks stay at the casablanca .
located around the corner from times square , we were not expecting the oasis behind the entrance lobby .
it is very difficult to add to the reviews written about this hotel , it is everything  more than we had hoped for .
room was comfortable , with everything we needed , the one downside was the noisy air - conditioning which did 'nt seem to want to turn off !
however we found that we got used to it . the service was excellent , and when i needed a doctor , an appointment was made  we were sightseeing within an hour . we can also recommend tony 's next door , excellent food  service , especially after a busy day .
they will also deliver to your room , a real plus if you dont want to go out again .
refreshments were on offer all day , another nice touch was the cheese  wine in the early evening .
all in all a lovely relaxing stay in a great location . we would love to return to enjoy another visit .
location , location , location we stayed at this place after a recommendation from a friend .
the place is so close to the action of times square yet once you fight your way through the crowds to get in the door it is just so tranquil in the hotel .
its hard to believe when you are in the hotel how close you are to times square . check in was efficient with no hassling to take our bags when we were quite capable to carry them ourselves .
the standard room is small , there is no other way of putting it , but it does the job . one of the best things is the lounge on the 2nd floor .
very peaceful with lots of reading material , a tv and a free internet terminal .
evening wine and cheese is excellent as it the breakfast . tonis , the restaurant next door , does good italian food till quite late . all in all a great place , well worth the money .
i would not look for some where else if i return to ny . i 'll be straight back here . top tip - ask for quiet room that does not face the street .
it could be a bit noisy if you do ( although i can not quantify how noisy ) .
we asked , and got , a courtyard facing room that was very quiet .
casablanca is a++ we had a fantastic stay at the casablanca during the first week of the us open .
staff was very , very helpful when there was a minor mix - up with our room . . . . . .extremely accommodating ! ! ! also , wine/cheese and breakfast included in the price .
beds were very comfy with nice soft sheets and good pillows .
my husband often travels to ny for business and he will definitely stay again and highly recommends .
great location too .
great hotel we selected casablanca based on reviews posted on trip advisor and were definitely not disappointed .
the hotel was very nice , staff very nice and professional ( as well as helpful ) , and the location was perfect .
we definitely will return .
why didnt i find you earlier i cant believe it took us so long to find this oasis .
from the minute i walked in the door and was greeted by the staff i knew i would never stay anywhere else . it was a wonderful place and i couldnt believe that it was so close to everything yet once you were inside it was a haven from the frantic times square .
it had so many lovely touches the lady playing the piano on friday evening , the way the staff remembered who you were .
the evening check for new towels . i have been to new york many times but never felt so pampered and cared for .
the room was small but just perfect for our needs and spotless .
i would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants more than a bed to sleep on .
best holiday ever we stayed in the casablanca for 5 nights at the start of august and had a fantastic stay - the hotel is so neare to everything , 5th avenue , times square and the bus to the outlets !
thought the breakfast was great with lots of choice and a relaxing start to the day .
and the drinks reception was fab too - staff really nice and plesant .
we stayed on the 5th floor and our room was great , really big with huge bed and equally spacious bathroom .
just to note , we did book a superiour room so maybe th estrandard rooms are a lot smaller .
- yes there was some noise from the street below in the early morning but we kept the window closed - it is new york after all and i do not think the hotel can be blamed for things like bin collection and police sirens .
we actually got engaged while we were there and told the concierege on the night it happened as we were going out for dinner and he immediatly sent up a complimentary bottle of champage to our room .
this was on top of the other complimentary bottle we got as it was a special birthday holiday for me in the first place .
was a lovely , intimate , boutique hotel with a warm welcome and great service .
so on top of my engagement surprise it really was the best holiday ever !
fantastic hotel this is a really lovely hotel .
the staff are friendly and keen to help .
the rooms are small but well furnished and clean .
there is an ironing board which is always handy when you 're travelling .
the breakfast was good and we really enjoyed the wine and cheese in the evening when we arrived back exhaused from sighseeing .
it 's also in a very good location as it 's in times square .
there 's also some nice irish pubs a few streets away (45th i think ) and plenty of restaurants .
would definitely return to this hotel .
casablanca is great , especially with young kids !
our family enjoyed four wonderful days and nights at the casablanca .
first , you ca not beat the central location .
the hotel is small and quaint .
since it has less then 50 rooms the staff gets to know you and is willing to assist in any way possible .
we traveled with our two boys aged 10 and 7.
the casablanca met our families needs in so many ways .
a delightful continental breakfast every moning not only answered where to eat , but also provided at least one nutritious meal for the day with cereal , milk , fresh fruit and yogurt .
we could stop in any time throughout the day and get water , tea , coffee and cookies for the boys .
in the evening my husband and i really enjoyed the wine and cheese reception .
we got to visit with other guests and compare travel tips .
when we left the staff even packed a big cup of cookies for each boy for the train ride .
we were treat like family by the entire staff and ca not wait to go back to our nyc home !
found the top reviews of this hotel to be on the mark the hotel was all we expected from the tripadvisor reviews - a quiet place close to the madness of times square .
the cafe , rick 's , provides a relaxed , homey feel , and the free wine and cheese reception in the evenings ( except sunday ) is a great way to unwind after a day of sightseeing .
the staff is outstanding , and made us genuinely feel like guests in their home .
it could not get much better stayed here for 3 nights end of may and could not have made a better choice .
lovely well kept rooms , reception staff excellent when helping you ie subways , diections etc . great breakfasts , 24 hour refreshments and the complimentary wine 5 - 8 pm is a winner .
when we return to ny we 'll stay here .
casablanca gets an a+ my husband and i spent 4 nights at the casablanca based on the reviews here and we were very pleased .
loved the quiet and calm atmosphere .
the staff was very friendly and attentive and john got us great seats for the lion king .
we really liked the fact that the breakfast and the happy hour were included and delicious .
we will definitely be back !
has it all !
great room , great staff , great location !
had read the rooms were small .
mine was great .
we had two beds and the room was plenty big .
noticed the grout on the tile in the beautiful bathroom was snow white ; that told a lot .
in the lounge , the staff could not have been nicer and there was a great selection each morning that we did not eat breakfast out once .
the location was perfect .
you could walk everywhere .
it was a great experience and by the way , the people of new york are very kind and friendly .
i 'm from texas and that was not what i expected .
my first time in n . y . and it was one of the best times i had . chris from tx 
fantastic casablanca our first trip to new york .
the casablanca is a perfectly located boutique hotel just seconds from time square .
friendly helpful staff , comfortable clean rooms , the relaxed atmosphere and complimentary early evening cheese and wine was exactly what the doctor ordered after a busy day in the big apple .
when we return to new york , and we will , the casablanca will be our choice of hotel .
rob  carol , england .
wonderful hotel , wonderful location . . . . . . my husband and i have just returned from a wonderful week long stay at the casablanca .
this hotel is fantastic .
from the minute we arrived we felt relaxed and comfortable .
we had a queen room on the 5th floor which was a good size with a lovely bathroom , definitely more than enough room for 2 people .
despite being in times square we never had any issues with noise .
this hotel really is an oasis of calm ! ricks lounge on the 2nd floor is lovely .
internet access is available , free of charge .
breaksfast is served here and this was very good - choice of cereals , fresh pastries , yogurts , fruit , tea , coffee , juices etc . hot and cold drinks and snacks available 24/7.
the wine and cheese each evening between 5-8pm was a great touch and an excellent way to start the evening . all of the staff were great , very friendly and always happy to help .
this hotel is a great base for exploring new york and when we return we will defintely stay at the casablanca again .
loved have just returned from a 5 night stay .
chose the hotel from reviews on this site .
the hotel is exactly as described on it 's own web page .
what a gem ! step off the chaotic streets of times square in to a peacefull oasis .
the rooms were spotless and comfortable , breakfasts were great , wine and cheese after a busy day - perfect ! would also recommend tony , s restaurant next door .
excellent food - especially if in a large group , and very friendly staff .
we had lovely weather which was a bonus .
on a nice day go to the boat house in central park - we had a picnic lunch from there - it was cheap and the surroundings are lovely , also book onto a city tour bus - this was a great way of getting around and also informative - we were on the blue - city sights tour .
and payed $75 for a 4 day bus pass which included liberty ferry and ellis island , empire state , harbour cruise , also a musuem pass and discount tickets .
geat value .
take comfortable trainers - you will need them ! very enjoyable trip ! ! 
cozy , quiet , warm .
great hotel .
we stayed at the casablanca during a 4 day stay in nyc during our honeymoon .
we decided on staying there based on overwhelmingly positive reviews here in tripadvisor , and i could not agree more with them .
they even greeted us with champagne since i 've noticed them about our honeymoon . here 're the pros ( a lot ) and cons ( very few ) about the casablanca . *
pros : - right in the middle of everything , steps away from times square . -
helpful and corteous staff , always happy to help . -
quiet even though in the epicenter of noise ( times square ) - great breakfast , complimentary european style ( espresso ) coffee and tea , fresh fruit , cookies , et alia .
complimentary wine and cheese ( try the pinot gris ! ) during the afternoon . -
warm and cozy . -
tony 's right next door , will deliver to your room .
best spaguetti i 've had in a long time , and huge portions . -
bathroom with nice amenities . *
cons : - pricey . -
rooms on the small side ( but of course that 's the way hotel rooms are in manhattan ) .we 're looking forward to come back !
thanks casablanca from ignacio  veronica from argentina !
tranquill but in the middle of the action the casablanca is a great little hotel right in the middle of all the action just a few yards from times square . our room was at the rear and although we were so close to a busy spot you could not hear a thing at night , so we slept like babies . the breakfast is continental style and there is free tea and coffee all day long .
also of an evening 5pm til 7pm they offer free cheese and wine , which we did a couple of times and its a great start to an evening out . every member of the desk staff could not do enough for us .
i would heartily recommend this hotel , you will not be disappointed . dave  bevmanchester , uk .
great location just returned from a 4 night stay at the casablanca hotel in new york .
we booked this hotel because of the reviews on tripadvisor and we were not disappointed .
the location is great , just of times square , and central for all the main attractions .
we requested a quiet room at the back of the hotel and you would never believe that the noise and bustle of times square was on your doorstep . all the staff were extremely helpful and friendly , particularly the very nice young ladies looking after rick 's cafe .
this facility makes your stay at the casablanca memorable ! !we used the subway to get around and would recommend any visitor to use it .
yes , it is busy at peak times , but we found it very easy to get around .
we even used it , with the airtrain , to get back to jfk at an unbelievable cost of $7 each ! ! !
great hotel !
my family ( including one teenager ) stayed at the casablanca hotel for our spring break trip this year .
what a great experience .
what 's not to like ?
the breakfast buffet was tasty , and we enjoyed the wine and cheese every afternoon .
it was a great way to unwind after a day of sightseeing before going out to dinner and theater .
we also enjoyed coming back for coffee and tea after our night on the town .
the staff was congenial and very helpful ! it is true that our room had no view , but it was clean and there was plenty of room for the three of us .
( we had a two double beds and still room for suitcases ) .
there was a window that actually opened to allow for cross ventilation if we wanted it .
our only complain was that our mattress was very soft and should be replaced .
when we mentioned it to the management we were told that they had a schedule to do so .
so it is something you might want to check on .
what a gem !
for our second trip to new york the casablanca was the perfect choice .
we stayed for 5 nights and were very sad to leave .
the location is perfect , the hotel was clean , beautifully decorated and the service was great and i can highly recommend the cheese and wine .
we will definitely be back ! a very small compliant was that we were on the second floor and the traffic noise was a slight issue but nothing that would stop a return visit .
fantastic base for new york stay !
just back this morning from our first trip to new york and 5 days in the casablanca . we 've had a really fantastic time and my feet are absolutely killing me . . . handy tip take very comfortable shoes and use the subway , the 'little ' walks soon add up and take their toll . the casablanca is a perfect base , literally just off times sq , subway just round the corner and within walking distance of most of the big attractions , chrysler building , grand central station and empire state building . really friendly staff who would happily do anything with a smile .
the free cheese and wine in the evening is a real social base for catching up with other visitors and their hot tips .
there 's also free internet access for booking tickets and checking in for flight back etc , if i was being really picky the bed was smaller than i expected in america but it stood up to any european city , was exceptionally clean , comfy bathrobes and even had complimentary dvd 's available for when the days walking the sights had taken their toll .
( breakfast at tiffany 's has a whole different outlook when you 've just been there ! )tony 's
restaurant next door is amazing .
it 's family style dining so you order a dish and it comes on a big platter and serves 2-3! fantastic atmosphere and really great food .
you can also order it in for room service .
i 've spent 33 years researching cheesecake and i can honestly say that their ny cheesecake is the best i 've ever tasted ! i 'd really recommend the casablanca and we 'll definitely stay here again next time . couple of other tips - if you 'd like to visit the statue of liberty monument inside you can only do that through prebooked tickets - i did it through the statue cruises website before i went over .
it also meant only queuing for the security check and not tickets too .
ellis island is great and the audio tour really helps . when it comes to the empire state building i had prebooked tickets but the queue was so big we decided to upgrade to the express pass .
it would have been cheaper to do this online but it was so worth doing i would recommend it !
the queue was outside and about 3 hours to get to top .
express pass meant we were there in about 5 minutes .
when you have so many other things to do it 's not great to spend it queuing . all in all a great city and i ca not wait to go back !
great hotel , perferct location my husband and i stayed at the casablanca for 4 nights in janruary and loved it .
the location is perfect - 2 mins from times square .
the hotel staff were exceptional and always more than willing to oblige .
the longe called ricks cafe where refreshments and snacks are available 24/7 is a real bonus and the cheese and wine reception in the evenings is great as well as being very sociable . we met 2 ladies from belfast and enjoyed their company . the rooms are small but imaculate - i would suggest that when you arrive in the room the lights are left on because they are a little dark as there is no view to look at ! but this is not a problemit was nice to have breakfast in the hotel - not many hotels in new york provide breakfast in the price . overall a great hotel and one to be recommended 
turned out fine in the end !
had a fantastic 3 nights in new york at the casablanca , without the children for a change !
having read all the reviews on trip advisor , we were really lookiing forward to our stay at this hotel so we were so disappointed when we arrived from the uk to find we were not expected !
apparently we were booked in for feb 2009 by mistake ( we 're told member of staff reponsible does not work there anymore ! ) . luckily the hotel was not fully booked but we did have to move rooms mid stay which was a bit of a nuisance - on the upside we did get to see 2 different rooms and we were offered champagne as an apology . despite that , i have nothing but good things to say about the hotel .
both rooms were spotlessly clean , very comfortable , quiet . the location ca not be faulted . all the staff were very friendly and especially helpful on our last day when it was snowing heavily and we could not get a cab to take us to the airport !
we made it with a minute to spare thanks to hector our driver who was organised by a member of staff on reception ( sorry , terrible memory for names ! )breakfast was a nice extra and although we did not partake of the cheese and wine , it was nice touch . we will definitely stay there again next time we travel to new york .
great hotel in good location a haven amongst all the biz stayed here having looked for hotel on your site .
was not disappointed very nice , clean and excellent service .
this haven in a very busy area was fabulous .
would recommend to anyone looking for clean hotel in good location with the great breakfast and tea and coffee all day .
cant forget to mention the wine and cheese every evening .
fab ! thanks to all staff who were extremely helpful at all times .
have never left feedback before but felt this hotel deserved the excellent reviews it gets .
excellent the customer service is excellent .
food was wonderful .
we had room 611, stayed for 2 nights . considering the location you cannot ask for more .
it was perfect 
the great casablanca hotel my daughter and i have stayed at the casablanca every january for the past 4 years as part of our girls ' weekend in nyc .
we love everything about the hotel .
the staff is very attentive and efficient .
the room is always very clean and comfortable .
the wine and cheese in the evening and the continental breakfast are really wonderful .
it is especially nice to have a cozy place to relax and have a glass of wine or a cup of tea/coffee/hot chocolate away from the crowds .
the location is perfect for what we needed .
we look forward to next year !
love it my wife and i stay at the casablanca about twice a year , whenever we 're in the mood for broadway shows .
the location is perfect . . . half a block off times square .
but once you enter the hotel , you feel like you 're in a whole other world , without all the hustle and bustle and noise of the streets .
the staff is very attentive ; the wine and cheese hour and the breakfast buffet are wonderful ; the rooms are well done and clean .
our only complaint is that , because of the steam heat system , sometimes the rooms are a tiny bit chilly in the winter , but nothing that a little pajamas wo not take care of .
great hotel  i booked this hotel because of the fab reviews and was not disappointed !
i spent a long weekend here back in october 07 to celebrate my partners 40th birthday and he was very impressed with the hotel as well .
the staff were lovely and helpful and the cheese and wine on offer each afternoon/early evening was a very impressive extra touch !
the location is fantastic and our room which was at the back of the hotel was perfect .
our friends did have a room on the front which they said was a bit noisy but i guess you have to expect that in nyc !
all in all this is a great hotel and i would definately stay here again and i have not done that with any of the other hotels i have stayed in in nyc !
great experience again this is the third time my 12 year old daughter and myself have stayed at the casablanca .
i have never had a complaint .
the staff is wonderful , the location ca not be beat .
it is like a home away from home . i will never book another hotel in new york . a big hurrah to peter and john 
great for kids we just returned from a two night stay at this property and have only positive things to say .
it is the perfect place to stay with a child .
though not huge , the room was certainly big enough for the three of us .
the real key was the second floor lounge and the proximity to the subway and broadway .
in order to do all that we wanted to do during our short stay , we basically had to forgo our dinner reservations .
we ended up eating small meals and snacks .
it was so nice to have the cafe available where my daughter could get fruit , milk etc .
the healthy snacks were so nice and the evening wine and cheese was a really nice treat after a day on the go .
finally , there is also a computer available for guests which was very helpful for checking flights .
it was very convenient to be so close to the mary poppins theater and times square since we were traveling with our daughter .
the staff could not have been more helpful and pleasant .
i was not crazy about the decor but everything else was just perfect for what we needed so i am not complaining .
a wonderful experience we found this hotel through trip advisor and booked it for our mid december anniversary trip on the strength of the reviews .
we were not disappointed !
the property is wonderful and the staff is extremely helpful and friendly .
rick 's cafe is available around the clock with refreshments .
there is also a fine continental breakfast and wine and cheese reception in the evening .
rick 's also has a fireplace , comfortable couches , and a computer for guests .
the guest rooms are small , but well appointed and very quiet . the location is great - less than a block to times square .
there are several restaurants on the same block .
we tried toni dinapolis , which was fun , but very crowded and noisey with huge portions . we cannot recommend this property enough .
we hope to stay there again ! ! !
one word . . . excellent i dont think there is anything different i can say from a lot of previous reviews . . . i should know as i have read most of them . . . and i booked our stay at this hotel on the strength of the reviews on ta .
i can only say we were not disappointed and the hotel truly lives up to all the glowing reviews and more . our trip to new york was for my 40 th birthday and my trip was made extra special due to staying at this little gem of a hotel , the management even gave me a bottle of bubbly - i was really touched . all of the staff from the boys on front desk , the lovely ladies in ricks lounge and the maids were all happy , smiley and extremely polite with any requests made being promptly and effeciently met . the whole hotel exuded and air of calm and serenity , youd never believe being in such close proximity to times square .
it is spotlessly clean and the food available at ricks was fresh and plentiful and inviting . i loved everything about it , would return in a heart beat , and would thoroughly recommend it to anyone . new york is amazing as well . . . .im longing to return .
hoorah for casablanca !
i recently enjoyed a three night stay at the casablanca , as a sort of mini school reunion with four friends .
we chose new york , as we were travelling from london and california and it was the nearest to a halfway point we could manage .
we chose the casablanca based on recommendations from tripadvisor and i would like to add my name to the list of fans . since our group was arriving at different times and sharing rooms , i made several calls to the hotel regarding our booking .
the staff were always friendly and welcoming , no matter what time of night i called , and i would always deal directly with whoever answered the phone , rather than being put on hold .
when we checked in , it had been noted that one of us would be celebrating a birthday during our stay , and we were offered a bottle of champagne to be sent to our room , which was much appreciated . the hotel is fabulously central , just by times square and you really feel when you step outside the door that you are right in the thick of things .
on stepping inside however , you have the sense of arriving at an oasis of calm . the room were beautifully decorated and more spacious than i expected for new york .
one of the best things about the hotel is rick 's bar , which is a lounge on the second floor for guests , open 24 hours .
we were served an excellent breakfast here and in the evening from 5 to 8pm , wine and cheese is available .
now that 's what we would call a very happy hour !
the rest of the time , coffee , ( a cappucino machine , no less ) and cookies were available .
it was a great place for my friends and i to relax and catch up and there was even a pianist on the friday evening . the staff were always friendly and helpful and really went out of their way to make us feel comfortable and at home .
it really was a very personal service . on the morning we checked out , we did not actually have to leave new york till about 11pm that night .
the staff very kindly took care of our bags ( even letting us have access to them in the afternoon to put away shopping ! ) and invited us to make use of rick 's bar during the day if we needed a break .
i have since learned that many hotels charge a fee to hold your bags , so we were very grateful for this service . it was great to be able to walk to the theatre , to dinner and to many other attractions and it made new york feel much smaller than it had on previous visits . next time i stay at the casablanca , i would like to try to a room at the rear of the hotel , as there is some street noise .
i know this is unavoidable in new york , but we were unlucky that the city had decided to dig up the road outside the hotel during our stay .
everything else about our stay was quite perfect however , and i would heartily recommend this hotelmary 
agreeing with the other reviewers .
we stayed here for six days on our very first visit to ny , picking from this site .
the position is very central and convenient .
the room was quite compact , but i believe that is not uncommon in the area , a little short on drawer space , but it was very clean and the room service was good .
all the staff we met were very friendly and helpful .
the most impressive part is the first floor ( second to the colonials ) lounge area with a very good drive yourself 24 hour espresso machine , a good continental breakfast and an excellent cheese and wine session in the early evening , factor all this in and the price is excellent .
a very pleasant stay 
best service we stayed here last week and as i 'm sure you know and are expecting in the price range in new york city the room was small .
but the service was excellent , the location , price and breakfast/cocktail hours were lovely !
the staff was cheerful and helpful from the first minute , i was carrying a 12 pack of diet coke and asked how best to keep it cold and they brought an extra fridge to our room .
there is a mini bar in the room but it 's the type that charges you when something is removed , so it would not have worked , this was much better and way above and beyond the call .
they gave us subway directions everywhere , got our cab , told us deelish places to eat ( every place we ate was their recommendation and we never had a bad meal ) .
they loaned us an umbrella , help us plan our itin .
and were so nice .
the breakfast and cocktail hours were lovely , they were well staffed and the food and drink was good .
the rooms and the public areas were clean .
the room was petite but the bed was cozy , and the public area at ricks cafe was great to hang out and read .
plenty of seating , and little snacks .
the guests were very courteous to each other and the one computer in the public area became available regularly , i never had to wait to use it .
our room was quiet , we were in the back .
we were also running the ac unit .
but it was just fine .
the location could not be better .
we loved this place for the service , it is not fancy .
the service was fantastic ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
just perfect what a fantastic stay .
the casablanca was just perfect .
wonderful staff , very knowledgeable and friendly .
everywhere was so clean and rick 's bar was an oasis . the front desk staff answered all our questions and gave us some great recommendations . location could not be better , only yards away from time square .
the place to stay a fantastic hotel in a superb location .
the staff were friendly , helpful and were always willing to have a chat with us .
this hotel had everything we needed and the wine and cheese , coffee freely available was a great touch especially after a day out in the city .
the hotel facilities were equal to that of a 5 star , but at the same time was never overcrowded .
this really played an important part in our enjoyment in new york and i will reccommend this to anyone who is going there on holiday . i would certainly return there next time i visit new york .
absolutely loved the casablanca home away from home wonderful stay at the casablanca .
great staff - very friendly , had free breakfast and wine and cheese everyday as well as free internet access .
room was clean and cosy and could not get a better location . would recommend to any friends and family as we loved it soo much .
we were on our honeymoon so wanted resonable luxury without going over the budget and the casablanca gave us this .
ca not wait to go back ! ! ! ! ! ! !
a brilliant hotel for first time vistors !
just got back from a 4 nights stay at casablanca hotel .
the location is excellent , just a few steps away from times square and yet a quiet spot in the big city .
we booked a standard room , but was upgraded to a room with queen size bed .
very pleasant and a nice gesture by the hotel ! the staff was always very helpfull and made sure that everything was ok during our stay .
great complimentary breakfast and the wine/cheese in the evening was a nice way to get a break after a full day of tourist activities !
the housekeeping service was excellent and the room was always spotless and clean . compared with earlier stays at hotels in a lot of european cities like paris , london , warsaw , stockholm , brussels +++ , casablanca hotel in nyc is yet the best experience ! highly recommended for first time visitors in all ages .
the location and the staff are top class !
wow ! a cool oassis in busy time square !
i first found this hotel on trip advisor .
booked it for the labour - day wekeend , based on all the positive reviews .
they were right - on ! ! from the moment we arrived , we knew that the hotel casablanca in times square was different than the rest .
smaller , a boutique feel to it , the service and smiling faces of the staff was sincere and constant .
if you ever needed directions , sight - seeing recommendations . . . anything , they were all very keen and pleased to help .
the included breakfasts plus wine  cheese at night were refreshing and well presented in a cosy lounge area that had a pianist playing in the evenings .
inside , it was cool , quiet and peaceful , including the room which was not huge but clean and well appointed / decorated .
what a respite from the hot pavement below , as the hotel is only about a 30 second walk to the bustle of times square .
an added bonus : tony 's restaurant next door .
fresh , amazing , delicious food , big family - style servings . . ( too much sometimes ) with the best service thrown in to seal the deal !
this was our restaurant of choice on the trip ! !
if you like great service , friendly staff and the calm of a quiet , smaller designer hotel in one of new york 's best locations , i highly recommend the casablanca hotel .
well done you guys ! !
best hotel in nyc this was my 2nd stay at the casablanca in as many years .
i would not even consider staying at another hotel in nyc .
the service is outstanding .
this being a smaller hotel makes the whole experience even that much better as the you have a personal relationship with the staff .
they are very helpful in every way .
it is hard to say what the best part of the hotel is as everything about it could not be more perfect .
the location is great too .
you walk out of the hotel , turn right , and go 20 steps and you are in the heart of times square .
wonderful for familys or couples !
i ca not say enough good things about this hotel ! location is fantastic .
staff is amazing .
complementaries are a treat .
rooms are perfect size .
feels like home ! !i think what really stood out to us was the friendly staff .
my husband and i traveled with out 3 yo daughter and it was a delight .
we often bring her when we travel so she is very good and a pleasure for us .
the staff welcomed her with open arms .
we borrowed a dvd from their library for our daughter and she loved that !
by the end of our stay she was giving the bellman a big hug like she 's know him for years ! !
where else can you get this kind of service ! !
we stayed at the hotel for 4 days .
new york city is such fun anyway , but the casablanca really took it to another level ! !
we loved it !
my family and i stayed at the casablanca for 7 nights in july and loved every minute of our stay .
i had previously booked the w hotel in times square and cancelled it the last minute and booked the casablanca due to bad reviews of the w hotel on tripadvisor .
our kids loved the great location and the front desk clerk nick was sooo nice and accomodating we asked about him every time we entered the hotel !
they had free movies for the kids , cookies , wine and cheese for us and the best iced tea ever !
wonderful place !
what can i say about the casablanca ?
we booked this hotel because of the good reviews on this site and we were not disappointed .
the location is excellent , right next to times square .
the hotel itself is beautifully appointed and very welcoming .
we are a family with 3 older teenagers and they loved it too .
i do not think the hotel would particuarly suit young children but for older families and couples etc . it is excellent . we particularly enjoyed the cheese and wine time 5- 8pm ! could not have been better . if possible ask for a room at the rear because here we slept soundly .
however when we returned for one night and stayed at the front of the hotel the street noise was quite disturbing especially when we are use to a very quiet country lane at home .
loved the casablanca hotel the casablanca hotel visit was by far the most wonderful experience we had had in a hotel .
from the moment you enter into the front door , you are greeted so pleasantly , the front desk is so very helpful , always helping with directions , reservations , any requests . . . .the breakfast and 24/7 refreshments in a beautifully decorated , and extremely clean cafe was such a plus . our train did not leave till 4:00, check out time was 12:00, they took our luggage , stored our luggage , and told us we could relax in the lounge till we had to leave .
i would very highly recommend this hotel , it is most certainly an oaisis in the heart of times square .
casablanca could not be nicer !
i adored the casablanca , and ca not wait to go back .
the staff could not have been more helpful , and the location is perfect for sightseeing and shows .
the folks at the front desk always greeted me by name and were always eager to assist me .
i am going back next april , and will definitely be staying in the casablanca .
wonderful staff ! ! ! ! my husband and i stayed at the casablanca for 4 nights and i ca not say enough about how wonderful the staff was ! ! !
they went out of their way to make our stay pleasurable and comfortable !
they were extremely helpful with directions , restaurants and various things to do and see ! always a smile , never felt like we were a bother to them .
since my husband was celebrating his 50th birthday , they also had a bottle of champaigne in our room upon arrival - very cool ! ! !
the location of the hotel is prime !
so close to everything .
we also loved the fact we had a continental breakfast each day and loved the opportunity to unwind with wine and cheese each evening .
i ca not say enough about how welcomed we felt throughout the entire stay !
it was like leaving family when we finally had to go home . . . .
wow whenever i see such great reviews on trip advisor i think that the hotel employees log in and create their own reviews because a hotel can not be this good .
well this hotel proved me wrong , all i can say is wow .
a half block off times square this quiet , quaint , boutique hotel certainly delivers .
an outgoing and helpful staff , good sized , very clean rooms and the beds are very comfortable with very high thread counts .
then you add in free wine and cheese from 5 p . m . to 8 p . m . every night followed by a free great breakfast every morning , what is not to like ?
oh yes , i forgot , the rate , i can not count the times i have stayed in starwood hotels that are overpriced , dirty , small rooms , and horrible service and paid $150 to $200 more per night than what i paid at the casablanca .
i come to new york city four times a year , and i promise , i will only stay in this hotel going forward .
everything you could want and more !
my wife and i stayed at the casablanca hotel from 7/19-23 and we have to add our enthusiastic agreeent to all of the positive reviews on this site !
the location in the heart of times square cannot be beat ; the decor is warm , exotic and inviting ; the comfort  amenities provided were above and beyond what we expected ; the kindness , courtesy  professionalism of the entire staff were superb .
given its location on times square , i have to admit that i was skeptical about the reviews that stated how quiet the hotel is .
however , it is totally accurate - once you cross the threshold of the lobby , you are in a quiet  more serene world totally opposite from the outside hustle  bustle of the city !
our queen bed room was cozy and comfortable ( loved the bathrobes  slippers ! ) with one of the most beautiful bathrooms we have every seen .
we were also appreciative of the continental breakfasts  evening wine/cheese receptions in rick 's cafe - as well as the complimentary guest passes to a wonderful exercise club just a couple of blocks away .
we are originally from new york city and come back to visit several times a year .
we are making it our business to stay at the casablanca whenever we can in the future !
highly recommend casablanca hotel the casablanca is everything , and much more , than i expected .
the hotel staff was extremely helpful and accomodating with everything from finding our way around to helping with our luggage .
the second floor lounge space is a fantastically cozy and homey space and adds a nice touch .
the rooms are quite comfortable .
i would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting new york and wanting to stay in the times square area .
smart , comfortable , caring .
i think this is the best hotel i 've stayed in without doubt . i ca not add much to what others have said really , except we had just one complaint which was attended to straight away .
our room had a rather old air conditioning unit in it and when we arrived we were worried we would not be able to sleep .
we asked to be moved to another room , but the hotel is so popular there was not one available .
however the man at reception said he would get it replaced the next day .
we turned the unit off the first night and just used the ceiling fan which was adequate .
the next day when we returned from sightseeing we found a brand new , much quieter unit had been fitted .
it was an example of how responsive the staff are to make your stay as perfect as possible . the hotel , both in the bedroom and in rick 's cafe , was really comfortable and cosy and smart and spotless .
the staff are really friendly and you feel really at home .
if i return to new york , and i still have some sights to see so i 'm sure i will someday , i wo not even look for another hotel , it 'll be straight to the cassablanca for me .
met and exceeded all our expectations !
i stayed at the casablanca hotel july 9-12 with my parents .
we booked a mini - suite which had a king bed and sleeper sofa .
it was the most comfortable sleeper sofa i had ever slept on .
the linens were like the 1000 count sheets i have at home and they changed them daily .
the a/c units were a bit noisy , but that actually helped to block the street noise at night .
breakfast and the wine/cheese reception each night were wonderful .
it was hard to believe how nice all of the staff were .
everyone was friendly and helpful , but genuine about it .
i was worried that the hotel would not meet my expectations after reading all the reviews here , but it exceeded them ! we saw wicked and jersey boys and both were excellent shows .
the strawberry blond cheesecake from the brooklyn diner next to the hotel was out of this world , but the service was snobby and rude there , plus they have sharing charges if you share a meal ( even a large pizza ! ) .
the atmosphere at tony 's next to the hotel was great .
i wish we had eaten there more during our stay .
wonderful hotel - highly recommend !
my wife and i just celebrated our wedding anniversary in nyc and stayed at the casablanca .
the hotel is at times square and within a short walk of rockefeller center ; all the broadway shows ; the nyc public library ; you name it .
i do not think we could have picked a better location .
the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful - recommending broadway shows and restaurants .
our room ( and the hotel overall ) was very clean and tastefully decorated .
rick 's cafe on the second floor serves as a place to relax and escape from the bustle of times square with coffee , tea , juices and pastries available most any time .
we missed the nightly serving of wine and cheese , but i am confident it is nicely done as was the rest of the hotel 's offerings . we will definitely stay at the casablanca again and will recommend to our friends .
fantastic property the casablanca hotel is a truly remarkable hotel just steps from times square .
the room was nice - not huge but also certainly not as cramped as some places i 've stayed at while in new york .
the extra amenities ( free breakfast and afternoon wine  cheese ) add to the overall charm of the guest experience .
the hallways were a bit warm some days , the elevator was a bit lurchy , and the toilet in my room periodically ran , all to be expected considering the age of the property .
overall , the room was immaculately clean and the provided extras were a nice touch .
the best feature of the casablanca hotel was the staff , who i found to be extremely helpful , efficient and professional - especially vinnie .
i 'll definitely return to this hotel and strongly recommend it to anyone with discriminating tastes and high standards .
the best place to stay in nyc we stayed here for seven days from may 22nd , after looking at the reviews on tripadvisor .
i have to say we were not disappointed .
the location was perfect , the rooms comfortable , clean and quiet which as amazing considering how close we were to times square .
the breakfast was lovely and saved us a fortune ( so we could spend it in tiffanys ) as did the all day snacks and the wine and cheese , and the staff went out of their way to help you if you needed anything from directions to reservations .
the italian next door tonys had the most wonderful food .
i would highly recommend this hotel and will be certainly return .
friendly staff , good value .
we spent four wonderful days in ny last week and our stay at the casablanca certainly enhanced the experience . we can not say enough about the friendly helpful staff and the very convenient location - just 1/2 block to times square . the breakfast and all day coffee/cookies in the 2nd floor rick 's cafe were greatly appreciated - likewise the evening wine and cheese !
we were contacted at home before we left to confirm the reservation and when we returned to thank us for staying at the casablanca - a nice touch !
we will certainly stay here again when we return to the big apple .
- - must also give a thumbs - up to the restaurant next door - tony 's di napoli - great food and service - reasonably priced .
an absolute oasis of a hotel this was my second visit to the big apple , and we booked this hotel after reading reviews on the trip advisor .
we were not disappointed .
the hotel is small , extremely friendly , quiet and in the most wonderful location .
you are literally just steps from times square , but would never believe it as once you are in the hotel it is so quiet . the rooms were spacious enough , the beds were extremely comfortable and everything was spotlessly clean .
the complimentary breakfast is more than adequate and the wine and cheese in the evenings is just unbelieveable .
there is even an internet connected computer complete with printer and paper in the lounge for free use . an added bonus is the italian restaurant next door called tony 's .
amazing food , amazing atmosphere and a great bar .
just up the road a bit is a lovely irish bar and a few yards after that a belgian bar which became our local . when
i go back , i will definitely be heading for the casablanca again .
casablanca - a true oasis a truly unique boutique hotel that was warm , inviting and reasonable .
we traveled with a teenager and so booked a suite .
it was beautifully decorated , small but perfect .
after the busy streets of new york , the breakfasts and wine/cheese in the evening were quite relaxing .
the staff was so accomodating , they even found a room for my son to practice his trumpet in the basement !
we will return in the future .
great stay again . . . . . . . my husband and i stayed here for our honeymoon back in september and loved it here ( wrote review back then ) so when we knew we were returning to nyc we didnt hesitate to book a room here .
this time we were taking my parents .
i am usually a little nervous when recommending somewhere to somebody incase it doesnt live up to my description .
i didnt worry about this hotel , i knew mum and dad would love it too and they did .
it was pouring down when we arrived by cab and before we could get out of it , three of the front desk guys arrived with umbrellas for us and ushered us in out of the rain while they got our bags .
all the staff from the cleaners through to the managers were friendly and helpful without being in your face or overdoing it .
the whole hotel is spotlessly clean and comfortable .
our standard room was a good size , the bed is smaller than the queen we had in sept and there was only a shower , no bath .
we only shower so it wasnt a problem , this was a great power shower in a large cubicle .
the free internet service and the food/drink on offer is fab .
we are already planning our third trip and as soon as we know our dates we will book here without any hesitation .
fantastic - what a find !
this place is so perfect !
the rooms are all so beautiful .
the staff is the most friendly , helpful  courteous i have experienced .
breakfast comes with the room  it is wonderful .
there is an espresso machine for your use 24 hours per day ! that was worth it all . . . . . the location is so perfect too - steps away from the heart of times square  the broadway shows .
we walked everywhere . the restaurant downstairs is fabulous ! !
i had the best ravioli i have ever had .
a total new york italian experience with great wine , tiramisu and limoncello .
great little hotel this was our fourth visit to ny and we only sayed here for one night prior to our cruise .
best hotel we have stayed at in ny and will definately return . the staff were very friendly and helpful and the hotel is in a great location .
rooms very quiet , the standard rooms are a little small but this is to be expected in ny .
the breakfast was a nice touch with a good choice .
do not miss the casablanca this property is fantastic .
we stayed 3 nights at the end of march and even though we were a group of 14 people spread out through a total of 8 rooms with never one complaint !
the location ca not be beat - we were so close to times square that the neon lights could be seen in our room at night .
the rooms were clean and spacious with airconditioning .
the staff was efficicient , friendly , helpful . . . even funny .
everyday , we could be found in rick 's cafe ( open 24 hours ) having complimentary breakfast ( not your typical continental breakfast ) in the morning and wine  cheese in the afternoon .
rick 's was the perfect place for the whole group to meet when we were getting ready to go somewhere .
the hotel adjoins the parking garage next door , which was very convenient for those of us who drove into the city , and we were able to get discounted parking with hotel validation .
by the way , while you 're in town there , make sure to have dinner at tony 's ( italian restaurant next door to the hotel ) .
loved the casablanca !
we stayed in the casablanca from the 22-26 march 2007.
i went with my two parents and my sister .
it was our first time at the casablanca and i had done a lot of searching on tripadvisor before booking anywhere .
all i can say is that the reviews about the fantastic the staff are completely true .
our first encounter was with mike , who booked us in after a tiring flight from ireland .
he arranged a table for us at tony 's restaurant ( next door ) and advised us to rest our weary bones upstairs in rick 's cafe with a nice glass of wine until the table was ready .
i should not single mike out though because everyone was so nice to us when we were there and all the men at the lobby were equally friendly and helpful .
the ladies who served the wine and cheese ( complimentary from 5-8 each evening ) were lovely and great fun .
by the way , the complimentary breakfast and the wine and cheese evenings are a great bonus . my parents particularly liked the safe , friendly , intimate environment of the casablanca as it was very laid back and fun . the rooms are great - clean , big bathrooms , a safe , television , dvd player , alarm clock radio , and a mini - bar ( if you dare ! )it is so central - literally off times square .
20 minutes walk in one direction to the empire state building , macys , etc . 15 minutes walk in the other direction to st . patrick 's cathedral , 5th ave , central park .
great restaurants and bars are literally on your doorstep .
overall staying at the casablanca was a fantastic experience and i could not recommend it highly enough .
fab , really made our holiday its all true what people say about this place , its a great place to stay .
great location , very friendly , helpful etc . . . .breakfast you could 'nt ask for more and if you did then they would accomadate !
nice touches are the wine and cheese evenings , the internet and of course the dressing gowns , it really was like being at home !
they deserve to be number 1. tip about statue of liberty pre book on line for ferry and time pass , you then just pick up your tickets/passes from will call just opposit the main ticket booth .
your ferry tickets can be used for a year , although time pass into statue is only for the pre booked day .
helicoptor ride was fantastic and saved time and money by going to the down town heliport on pier 6, check it out .
would recommend to a friend just back from a two night stay in this really lovely hotel . we had read the reviews on trip advisor before booking and they are completely accurate . it is a lovely hotel in the middle of it all with some great people working there .
they are extremely helpful and genuinely nice guys .
riks cafe is an excellent idea and the ladies there are super at what they do . the queen rooms are a reasonable size with surprisingly large bathrooms .
the hotel is very clean and well maintained . we would have no hesitation in booking this hotel when we return to ny in the future .
hidden gem in times square we just returned from a long weekend in nyc .
the hotel was a hidden gem .
the location is fantastic ; 1/2 block off times square on 43rd street .
included in the rate is a great 2nd floor lounge called rick 's place with a nice breakfast , happy hour and often a piano man .
the staff was very helpful and did whatever was needed or asked .
it reminded us of the hotels we find in london .
the room was more than adequately sized for the two of us .
we will definitely stay there again on our next trip to nyc .
an oasis of calm we booked the casablanca for 5 nights in new york as part of an anniversary trip to the usa in november . everything was great - i wondered about the complimentary breakfast and cheese / wine - the quality was much better than i expected .
also the lounge was so calm and peaceful . we asked for a quiet room - we got one .
the room was not large , but everything was good quality .
we really liked the front desk staff who were always friendly and helpful . being from the uk , and a first time visitor to new york , i can not compare with other new york hotels , or comment on value - but if you are looking for a place which is close to the tourist spots for a first time visitor to ny , this is a tremendous choice .
great experience we spent 4 night at the casablanc .
the staff was very helpful and the lounge was a pleasant place to stay .
our room was small but quiet .
we love the location and the size of the hotel .
this was our fourth stay .
so wonderful !
we have stayed at the casablance before , so knew what to expect - a wonderful oasis of calm in the middle of times square .
we were in town to attend shows and shop , so the hotel is most convenient , as it is quite literally right off times square .
the premises are impeccable , belied by a totally unassuming exterior .
the staff are wonderful !
they are friendly , helpful and make one feel as if one were a guest in their home .
the casablanca is so much nicer than the impersonal behemoths only a few blocks away .
just another fabulous review recently returned from four nights at the casablanca and am looking forward to a return trip in the fall . anything i could say would just be a reiteration of the reviews that have come before .
all i can say is that i would heartily recommend this hotel to anyone that enjoys a european - type hotel experience . yes , the room was small , though accomodating enough .
bath , cleanliness , etc . all excellent .
but , what really makes this hotel stand out is the staff , from the front desk , to the breakfast/bar workers to the housekeeping staff all were professional , courteous and ( as in a five star hotel ) always meet a request with a 'yes , that is possible '. thanks so much to all at the casablana for making our trip truly a delight .
wonderful everything about this place was wonderful .
its position , the staff , the breakfasts , the room though a bit small was wonderful too .
thoroughly recommend this hotel to everybody 
best keept secret in times square this was such a lovely surprise .
we were thinking of staying in one of the larger hotels overlooking times square for the view .
we are very happy that we changed plans .
this hotel is a quiet lovely retreat at the end of a new york city fast paced day .
i would say it was a pleasure to return to at the end of a long day .
the location could not be better  the staff was wonderfull .
i will be back to the cassablanca hotel !
a gem in times square i was intrigued by a 48- room hotel in times square .
having stayed in numerous small hotels in europe , i was prepared for smaller sized rooms . i was greeted at the front desk with my reservation information ready for initials and my luggage was whisked away by a bellman who explained everything in the room .
he encouraged me to join the wine , champagne and cheese reception in rick 's cafe . i enjoyed both the evening reception and the buffet breakfast in a room that was comfortable , open , yet private .
newspapers were in all corners and it was a generally relaxed atmosphere . i was surprise with how beautiful the appointments were in my room and by how quiet the room was .
i had stayed on the 30th floor of the marriott marquis and this 6th floor room was infinitely more quiet . i 'll be back to new york and am definitely happy that my company has added casablanca to the list of approved hotels .
great service and value we stayed at this hotel 12/17-12/20, and had a wonderful time .
as mentioned in numerous reviews , the staff goes out of their way to be accommodating .
we arrived at 10:30am on sunday , well ahead of the 3pm check - in time , and i expected to store our bags for a few hours .
the front desk took our bags , insisted we go upstairs to rick 's cafe to unwind after our ride , and they would see if they had a room available .
they did , and delivered our luggage before we were able to get to the room ourselves . our room was small , but functional , and spotless ( especially the bathroom ! ) .
no noise problems whatsoever .
upon check - out we decided to have lunch at tony 's ( next door - has an entrance through the hotel ) .
we sat back with a couple glasses of wine , and my husband went to check us out .
as our car had not arrived the front desk staff stored our luggage , and insisted that he go back over to tony 's while they checked us out .
they came over to the restaurant to settle the bill , give us our copy , and even make change .
finally , when we went back over to the hotel for our car , they insisted that we wait in rick 's cafe again , which would be much more comfortable than the lobby .
we relaxed until they came up to tell us our car was ready , and then helped us into it .
a very stress - free way to end a trip . we booked a car back to the airport through the hotel , and although about $25 more expensive than other options , we were able to put this charge on our credit card ( it included gratuity and tolls ) , the car was clean , provided mints , water , and magazines , and came with a very professional suited driver who did not try to make small talk .
very nice way to return to the airpot . highly , highly recommended .
home from home the casablanca can only be described as a home from home .
it was a perfect haven of tranquility set just off times square , the location could not have been better .
the staff were very attentive and could not have done any more for you .
when i book with venere i did not get a room option and when we arrived at the casablanca our room and bed were extremely small .
we asked at reception if we could move to a bigger room and were told that there was nothing available for that night but they would move us to a superior room the next day for the duration of our stay at no extra charge - what more could anyone want ! !
the room we transfered to was perfect and the size of room and bed was what we had come to expect from hotels in usa .
we absolutely loved it and would recommend it without hesitation to anyone travelling to new york - a 'little jem ', 5 stars !
loved casablanca fantastic lacation , between broadway and 6th ave on 43rd street .
just a few short steps from times square .
the free breakfast was great , it had everything you could need , boiled eggs , cereals , pastries , bagels , fresh fruit , fresh juice , tes and coffee .
they also provided you with disposable cups for the coffee and juices .
the free cheese and wine ant night was also great .
this was all provided in the common room on the second floor , which also had a small courtyard .
the staff were very accomodating , and no request was to much bother .
the rooms were a good size , and had everything that we needed , tv , dvd player , comfortable beds , plenty of pillows , 2 robes , bathroom toiletries , fans , air conditioning wireless and dsl connections for laptops .
the common room also had a computer with a printer .
tonys restaurant , was right next door , but they also deliverd to you room if you wanted to stay in .
i cant remember the name of the restaurant , the guys at the hotel recomended it .
it was this great italian place on 44th between broadway and 6th ave , give it a try if you like italian ! we absolutly loved this hotel .
i would have no problems in recomending it to anyone ! ! we will only stay at this hotel in nyc the next time that we visit ! !
oasis of calm we stayed at this hotel on our first visit to new york from 18th to 23rd october 2006.
having booked a long time before our visit wewere a little apprehensive but need not have worried .
from the moment we got out of our taxi we were met with friendly smiling staff for whom nothing was too much trouble .
we arrived earlier than expected and were told that breakfast was still available whilst our room was made ready ( upgraded from queen to king by the hotel for the same rate ) .
our cases were whisked away and stored until we needed them .
our room was spotless and large , likewise the bathroom .
towels were changed daily , sometimes twice .
for a hotel so close to times square it was so quiet .
as soon as you stepped into the lobby the street noise disappeared .
free breakfast was plentiful with staff on hand to replenish everything .
the 24hr coffee machine waswonderful and my wife now wants one .
having been out for a very busy day what better than cheese , biscuits , wine or champagne at 5pm , again at no extra charge .
a gem of a hotel .
of all the bars in all the world you gotta walk into this one . . ! we have just returned from our first ever visit to the usa .
our trip involved a three week itinerary in a wide area of locations one of which involved the very necessary visit to new york city .
we did our homework at the planning stage and having read favourable reviews of the casablanca , we booked to stay for 5 nights . this is new york city , one of the great cities of the world and as such , hotel prices are not cheap .
the casablanc isnt cheap either but there are times when it really is worth investing in quality and a visit to nyc is such a time and the casablanca is such a place . the casablanca is conveniently and centrally situated in a street just off times square .
even so it is an oasis of peace in which to seek refuge from the mad , crazy bustle of nyc .
the staff are incredibly friendly , welcoming and accomodating .
the hotel sells itself as a themed boutique style hotel and it does it very well with good quality and stylish equipment and decor .
true the rooms are small by european standards but then most rooms in nyc are of similar dimensions unless you pay an absolute fortune . our room was well equipped , clean and comfortable .
breakfast is served in a nice comfortable residents lounge and is of good quality , well prepared with a good choice .
coffee etc are available all day and there is the included wine and cheese reception in the afternoon . we can recommend the casablanca as a great place to stay for your visit to nyc . joe  judith , manchester uk 
oasis in manhattan only 1/2 block from times square this little gem was a wonderful little oasis in the middle of manhattan .
this is a small boutique hotel with great friendly staff .
there were 3 adult women so we booked a one bedroom suite that offered 2 double beds and a double hideabed .
we were a little concerned about the comfort of the hideabed but upon arrival we found that the housekeeping staff had added extra covering for the mattress , our fears were put to rest .
our room was clean , newly decorated including the large bathroom and provided 3 of everything .
the hotel also offers a complimentary breakfast and a very welcome free afternoon wine ( champagne ) and cheese reception .
a great way to unwind after a day of sights and shopping .
we would all stay here again and again .
what a great experience !
my husband , infant son and i just got back from a 7 night stay at the casablanca hotel and have nothing but rave reviews for the staff and the hotel !
everyone was so helpful and kind .
even when my baby got sick , nick got on the phone and found a pediatrician for us !
the location is great - walk outside and you 're in the middle of times square .
the restaurant next door , tony 's , is delicious and will deliver the food to your room if you wish .
the casablanca hotel and the staff exceeded our expectations and we 'll definitely be back ! ! !
thumbs up !
as with the last reviewers - i would have to say this hotel is a great choice for value .
after the fast pace of nyc it was great to come back to this little haven just off times square .
the wine evenings were great as was the free internet .
we had a room on the inner courtyard and it was exceptionally quiet .
the staff were helpful and friendly and had no problem looking after our bags for the day prior to our 8pm flight .
as my last review after a world trip and half a dozen reviews i would just like to say tripadvisor is an excellent resource and congratulations to everyone for posting .
inspired me to write my first review have used tripadvisor for the past couple of years to choose hotels , but have never posted my own review until now .
just wanted to confirm that the hotel casablanca is the great hotel described by most posters , and i really ca not understand those who question the friendliness of the staff .
myself and my husband both independently commented on how good the staff were - they were particularly human and friendly , with a sense of humour which is often lacking .
doormen were also particularly helpful - noting our queries to pass onto the people on the desk if there was any queue at all - and our questions were always answered .
this is the 6th different hotel i 've stayed at in new york on seven visits , and the first time i would choose to go back to a hotel for any other reason than price - not that i particularly disliked previous hotels , but for value for money ( we paid $299 per night for our king sized bedroom ) , friendliness and amenities , this hotel would win hands down .
the previous poster who noted the hotel was not a 5* hotel - well it 's not , it 's a 3* hotel according to this website , but it 's the best 3* hotel i 've stayed in .
the times square location is ideal as nowhere in manhattan is too far away from midtown ( we requested a quiet room and it was very quiet for new york , let alone times square ) .
room size was average , but the decor was very nice , clean and modern with nice toiletries .
the dvd and complimentary dvd library was a nice touch , with a reasonable range of films to choose from , and the free internet access is always useful . the wine and cheese in the evenings was a fantastic touch - with at least 5 different types of cheese , quality biscuits , grapes and very drinkable wine , as was the day long fruit , coffee , biscuits , muffins etc .
it certainly drew guests back to sample what was on offer - yet there was always a seat left for us .
the pianist sounded great on friday night - sadly we were not able to stay to listen to him as we had show tickets .
complimentary breakfasts were great considering they were complimentary - including cereals , pastries , bagels , fruit , cream cheese , hard boiled eggs , yoghurts etc . and a selection of drinks .
you almost need not eat out at all with the quality and quantity of complimentary food and drink provided by the hotel ( not that i recommend that given the wealth of good restaurants in the vicinity ) .
the day we checked out we left our bags and on going back for them popped upstairs to check our flight details on the internet for the following day .
thought the receptionist may have a problem with that ( particularly as the internet was in the lounge with the free pastries and coffee ) , but nothing was said , nobody checked on us , and they were polite and courteous as usual .
a little gem we picked this hotel for its proximity to the theatres as this was our first trip to new york and we were not sure how easy it was to get around .
what a gem !
so close to the bustle of times square and yet a million miles away when you walk through the doors .
we stayed on the fifth floor at the rear overlooking the central courtyard and i can honestly say you hear nothing other than the occasional siren ( it is new york after all ) .
the room was spacious and the bathroom well equiped with a good sized shower . the compimentary wines and cheese ( and popcorn ! ) in rick 's cafe each evening were a treat and nice to come back to after a day pounding the streets .
the breakfast buffet was an unexpected bonus with fresh fruit , bagels , croissants etc and real coffee facilities .
we never did get out for the must do american breakfast , it was just too easy to settle down in rick 's ! internet access was always available - and well used !
we would not hesitate to stay here again , we had a fabulous week helped by excellent staff and great weather ! !
peaceful oasis steps from times square we just got back from a week in nyc at the casablanca .
we even had a peek - a - boo view of times square from our secluded , quiet , back street room 507!
the staff was friendly , caring , helpful and gracious .
the room was immaculate with two full - size beds , a small table , two comfy chairs , small closet with ironing board and iron , armoire encasing tv/dvd player and a small 'frig filled with goodies ( for sale , of course ! ) .
the bathroom had a small bit of tile coming loose in the window , otherwise perfect .
it even had a showerhead tall enough for my 6'5 son .
the window in bathroom was great for cross ventilation when the room window was open - - - the aroma 's from virgil 's bar - b - que restaurant on the block behind the hotel was like a western air freshener !
eat at virgil 's but share a plate - -huge portions , great ribs , super cornbread , and fun atmosphere .
the breakfast at the casablanca has wonderful fresh fruit ( sliced up cantaloupe and honeydew ) as well as a bowl full of apples , oranges , and bananas all day long .
breakfast also includes hard - boiled eggs , several cereal choices , instant oatmeal , bagels , cream cheese , danishes , scones and that amazing coffee machine for double espressos all day long .
the casablanca mug fits a double espresso topped with a cappuccino - -yum !
teas available all day long .
the iced tea they have all day is quite nice .
my darling son was ill toward the end of our stay and appreciated the comfy - ness of the room and lounge and the food and treats available all day .
if we have any needs improvement that would be their cable tv reception but who goes to nyc to watch tv , we noticed it only because my son was in the room ill and veging with the tv .
when you hear it is steps from time square , believe it - - - just out the door and turn your head to the right and you are there !
all transportation within easy walking - - - everything within easy walking !
i do not like to spend a lot on hotel accomodations and was daunted by the $289/night plus taxes but decided the reviews made the casablanca too nice not to spend more than i wanted .
it was worth it , peace of mind , comfort , care , ease of access - - - not the sterile upscale coldness of the humongous hotels .
we will be back !
made our trip perfect !
we just returned from our nyc vacation .
the casablanca hotel was an absolutely wonderful find .
the impression was good from start to finish .
warm , personal service starts with a phone call before you arrive and ends with a thank you note .
the hotel is spotlessly clean , the highspeed internet and generous snacks and breakfast make this hotel an incredible bargain .
ask the front desk staff a question and they 'll do whatever they can to get you whatever information or help you need .
obviously , i ca not wait to get back to the casablanca .
great hotel , lovely staff !
i stayed here as part of a family party at the start of april 2006.
booking and checking in was easy , and they were exceedingly friendly and helpful , going out of their way to assist .
certainly 10/10 for this . the hotel itself is located right on the edge of times square - i could just about see the screens on the square from my room , others in my party had rooms facing away from the square .
sure , it can be a little bit noisy , but i never understand the idiots who have a break in new york and complain about traffic noise etc . - you are in new york , what the hell do you expect ! !my room was perfectly sized , not massive , but not too small either .
the bathroom was nice , the facilities generally in the room were good .
breakfast consists of pastries , fruit etc . , which are available all day as well .
there is no hotel bar which is a downside , but on the upside this is compensated by free wine from 5-8pm , which saves a fortune .
the minibar is reasonably priced as well . the interior is kind of moroccan themed as suggested in the hotel name , but not overly so - it looks clean and in good repair . all in all , i ca not fault it - great hotel !
loved it so much , we returned for another stay after our recent second stay at the casablanca , i can only say wow . our first stay was in march , 2005, and was great .
the desk staff was friendly and helpful , the generous breakfast buffet tasty and efficiently staffed , the complementary cocktail hour an excellent start to the evening .
even though we arrived early , we were able to go directly to our room - - which was upgraded to a suite .
the bed was comfortable , the bath well - appointed , everything was clean ( and my husband is fussy about cleanliness ) .
and the location is amazing - - literally a few steps from times square , a block from the subway and the big manhattan toys - r - us .
with discounted parking ( $25 for overnight ) right next door , there seemed to be little more we could want .
but it was a weekday in march - - not a traditionally busy time for tourism in nyc .
i waited until we had another stay to post my review , and the casablanca did not disappoint . our recent stay was also during the week , but during the week before christmas .
while we did not get an upgraded room , the deluxe king we 'd reserved was ready for us when we arrived at 1pm .
there was no view ( windows opened onto an air shaft ) , but as we were staying only overnight and were not in the room much , that was not a problem .
the room fit a king - sized bed , two nighttables , an armoire with drawers and a large tv , a table and two side chairs , with room to walk about .
the bathroom was fine , although the tub really to shallow for a bath .
there was plenty of hot water .
the breakfast was just as good as on our first stay . . . and even though the nyc transit strike began that morning , the staff was available to restock empty baskets and coffee pots .
in short , our second stay reinforced our impressions that the casablanca is truly a find in nyc .
our deluxe room with taxes was about $335 for one night .
we 're considering booking one of their new year 's eve packages for 12/31/06 - - you certainly could not get closer to the action !
fantastic city , fantastic hotel upon walking into the casablanca hotel i was greeted with a friendly face behind reception , his first words were , i 'm afraid we have some bad news .
i had booked a king room back in april for our stay in december however they had to give it to another customer due to an over - booking .
at this point usually i 'm sure a battle between the receptionist/manager and myself would normally have ensued however the casablanca offered me free wine , a discount from our stay and told me that we could have the king room the following day - without me having to say a word .
sure they made a mistake but they corrected it immediately with absolutely no issues , it 's that kind of customer service that i really appreciate . the rest of our stay at the hotel was fantastic , the shower was so powerful it reached places i did not know existed !
the location is perfect - times square is 2 paces away - literally .
the guys on the front desk were really helpful and have great knowledge of good places to eat , drink etc while you 're in the city .
they referred us to the view which is at the top of the marriott marquis in times square - a revolving restaurant/bar that 's on the top floor - it was very romantic and absolutely stunning ! i high no problem giving the casablanca 5 stars - our stay there was something i 'll never forget ! !
just right spent 3 nights at casablanca , from 9th - 12th december .
just as expected from previous reviews .
front desk staff very courteous and helpful , rooms more than adequate in size , very clean , decent sized bathroom , ( rooms a bit warm during the night , but no complaint when -2 outside ) and extremely quiet ( room 311) . breakfast and food available all day and night in rick 's a real benefit when arriving tired and late . perfect location , only 50 yards from times square , walked everywhere . if you 're looking for relaxed local dining , then a visit to tonys restaurant next door is a must .
great atmosphere and huge portions . would recommend this hotel to anybody looking for a good quality , clean , central hotel . excellent .
staff the greatest asset of the hotel it was our first visit to new york and we stayed 24 to 29 october .
we loved everything about our stay at this very stylish hotel .
the staff were so professional but also very friendly and helpful and our room was so quiet and welcoming after all the buzz of new york .
we will definitely return and highly recommend the casablanca .
what a wonderful experience !
my husband and i recently spent three nights at the casablanca hotel .
the staff were wonderful , helpful and friendly .
our room was just what we requested .
we were thrilled that even though we were in the heart of times square , we could not hear any of noise in our room .
the breakfast and reception in the evening was great .
we loved the wine , champagne , and cheese before our theater nights .
the staff were very helpful in recommending great restaurants for after theater dinners .
the location was great .
we were just a ten - fifteen minute walk to the broadway theaters .
we walked everywhere .
we only used transportation to and from the airport .
we will definitely stay at the casablanca again !
great staff and loved ric 's cafe my wife and i just returned from a short get - away in nyc where we stayed at the hotel casablanca on west 43rd street .
as you can see from a map , it 's very well located just a block from times square .
the staff was very courteous and helpful , the room was clean and quiet with a very nice large bathroom .
on the second floor is ric 's cafe which is available for the use of the guests ; coffee , tea and soft drinks were available all the time with wine , cheeses , etc from 5:00 until 8:00 at no charge .
in the morning a light breakfast ( boiled eggs , cerials , fruit , rolls , breads and so forth ) was available in ric 's . we have two dining recommendations : the 2nd avenue deli (2nd ave @ 10th st , a cab ride from the hotel ) was just great for lunch ; have a pastrami sandwich , one was plenty for my wife and me to share , and if you like ales , try layla which is brewed in israel .
for dinner , you should consider restaurant row which is on west 46th street between 7th and 9th avenues , a short walk from the hotel .
there are several restaurants on both sides of the street and each has a menu out front for you to look at .
we had maine lobster dinners at terry 's ( $17.95 each and worth it ) ; next night we ate at a french restaurant just down from terry 's which was also very good and reasonably priced .
after dinner we went to the very friendly st . andrews pub which is on the other side of the block from the hotel on 44th street . we will definitely consider the hotel casablanca on our next trip to the big apple and we do not hesitate to recommend it to others !
wonderful experience at the hotel casablanca my wife and i had a wonderful experience during our brief stay at the casablanca hotel .
when i made the on - line reservations , there was only a room with a double bed available and i requested that we be upgraded to a queen or king - size bed if possible at check - in .
on 09/13/2005 we arrived at the casablanca at approximately 10:00 am as we had a city tour booked at 12:00 noon .
upon our arrival and check - in at the casablanca , we were greeted by very friendly staff who immediately informed us that a suite was available and he would upgrade us to that room with no additional charge .
our room would be ready for us upon our return from the city tour .
our bags were secured for us and we were invited to go upstairs to rick 's cafe to enjoy complimentary breakfast items and beverages before our tour started .
walking into the casablanca hotel was like walking into an oasis from the noise and bustle of the city . when we returned from our city tour , we were again greeted by friendly staff and shown to our suite .
we were pleased with the accomodations of a separate bedroom area with two double beds , a sitting area and a large comfortable bathroom .
we were invited to go to rick 's cafe and enjoyed champagne , wine , cheese and crackers .
after dinner out on the town and a walk in the times square and broadway area , we returned to our room to find turn - down service and chocolates at bedside . the following morning we again enjoyed pastries and beverages at rick 's cafe .
check - out time was at noon , but we were not scheduled to leave the city until 6:00 pm .
we also had tickets to a broadway play at 2:00 pm .
the staff was very gracious in securing our bags until we were ready to leave the city and again invited us to relax in rick 's cafe before our departure . our stay at the casablanca hotel truly made our trip to new york city a memorable one !
casablanca hotel - a haven in times square we stayed a week (19/9 - 26/9) at the casablanca on our first visit to new york .
as first time visitors we found this to be an ideal position just steps away from the always busy times square .
despite the proximity to the hustle and bustle , the hotel itself was a haven of tranquility and we did not hear any noise from our room at night . the all day complimentary beverages and cakes in rick 's cafe were most welcome when popping back to the hotel to drop off shopping or for a break between visiting attractions .
the central position and nearby times square subway station meant that it was easy to get back to from anywhere in manhattan for break . the hotel also provides complimentary wine  cheese etc each weeknight which was also very welcome and was a pre theatre must .
we had prebooked chicago  spamalot before arriving and both were in easy walking distance from the casablanca . the service was excellent from all the staff who would do everything they could to help and assist when asked . we would recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay there again if we are fortunate enough to return to new york .
the best hotel in new york i booked a room at the casablanca for a 3 day stay in august 2005.
i must admit that i was slightly apprehensive about staying there due to some recent reviews and , in fact , almost changed my reservation several times .
however , i eventually decided to stick with my original reservation and i am so glad that i did . the casablanca is a truly wonderful hotel .
an absolute oasis amidst the hustle and bustle of time square .
it was almost as if i entered another era as soon as i stepped foot through the door .
i was upgraded to a queen room without asking and i found the room to be delightful .
yes , it was fairly small , but this was not a problem at all .
there was plenty of room for a queen sized bed , a cupboard with minibar , large tv and vcr , and a small table with 2 chairs .
there was a marble ensuite bathroom which was lovely and clean , and the toiletries all smelled of spiced oranges .
i am particularly picky about where i stay and about cleanliness , and i could not fault a single thing at the casablanca hotel .
if anyone complains about the size of the rooms then they are obviously spending way too much time within the room .
there is so much to see and do in nyc that i was rarely at the hotel . there is a buffet breakfast in the 2nd floor lounge area , tea , coffee , cakes and biscuits throughout the day , and a wine , champagne and cheese buffet in the evening .
this is a wonderful , and very useful , extra which most other hotels would charge for . the staff are extremely helpful and friendly , including the porter , the russian ( ? ) girl who helps with the food and the front desk staff , igor and peter ( ? ) .
i 'm not sure if i got the names right , but they were all fantastic . the hotel decor is not , as previously suggested , tired and dated but is in fact somewhat reminiscient of old - world morocco and has a delightful atmosphere .
those who do find the decor dated must prefer the clinical look of most major chain hotels .
the casablana has a more individual charm and alot more personality than other ny hotels . the location is fantastic , being right in the centre of time square , about 4 doors away from the subway and from a starbucks , and the theatres being approximately a 2 minute walk from the hotel .
it is in a very central location giving good access to all major attractions . i would most certainly stay here again and i would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone .
it is perfectly suited to all types of travellers and is a pleasure to visit .
this is a great find spent three days here and we loved it .
such a quiet oasis just round the corner from bustling times square .
nice lounge for breakfast and wine and cheese at 5pm .
very friendly helpful staff .
would definitely stay there again 
wonderful , wonderful hotel i have traveled quite a lot but this was my first trip to time square .
we chose the casablana because of the reviews we had read before booking this hotel .
we were not dissapointed !
clean rooms , beyond exceptional staff , and a piece of heaven in the midst of the chaos in time square .
tom , nick , peter , lenny , andrew , and the rest of the staff went above and beyond to make our stay enjoyable .
very personable and informative .
i will never stay anywhere else if i return to the times square area .
casablanca hotel , your nyc home what an enchanting hotel .
nick on reception is wonderfully charming and nothing is too much trouble .
rick 's cafe on 2nd floor is such a nice way to relax after a long day of sightseeing and meeting lots of interesting people . we were upgraded to a suite at no extra cost .
highly recommended .
wonderful hotel my wife and i just spent six nights at the casablanca .
we made our decision to stay there based upon the trip advisor reviews and were not disappointed .
the location is perfect , steps from times square .
the entire staff treated us well .
everyone was very helpful .
if a continental breakfast suits you , the casablanca is great .
no wasted time or added expense for going out to breakfast .
the wine and cheese in the afternoon is a fine way to relax before going out to dinner or a show .
we had a king room , which was not large , but more than adequate .
the bathroom was very clean and large .
my only negative comment is the lack of drawer space in the room , but we utilized the closet shelves and what drawer space there was .
overall , we could not have been much happier and would definitely stay there again .
great place to stay we just got back from nyc .
the hotel was great .
the second floor living room ( what we nicknamed it ) was the best .
we spent every morning reading the paper and drinking coffee .
the staff made super suggestions and got us dinner reservations .
also helped explain the subway system which was scary to us at first .
just made reservations to go back in july .
there ca not be a better location in manhattan .
heartland brewery and restuarant is very close and the food and ale was very good .
also the manhattan chili co . was next door was a great surprise for a late dinner after a show serving tex - mex foods .
and tony 's is a excellant bargain next door too .
the only negative is you will not get a great view of the city from any of the rooms , but the greatness of everything else way made up for the view .
loved this hotel we really enjoyed our stay at this hotel , it is right next to times square , but there is hardly any street noise , and we were in a room at the front of the hotel .
the staff were very friendly and helpful , they could not do enough for us . the buffet breakfast was very welcome as we could just come down to the lounge and not have to worry about were we were going to find somewhere to eat breakfast .
all in all i would really recommend this hotel .
fantastic stay just returned from 3 night stay in nyc at the casablanca .
after reading reviews on this site decided to book at this hotel .
got upgraded to kingsize room (504) which was big enough and had huge bathroom .
staff could not have been more friendly or helpful . . . . got great advice on superb restaurants .
the lounge area too was perfect for breakfast , mid - day coffee or early evening wine and cheese .
all in all a great city break and for the price the casablanca was excellent value .
great experience !
this website helped me in picking the casablanca .
we stayed there back in may during the first leg of our honeymoon .
new york does not typically sound like a honeymoon destination , but i had never been there and it was always a dream to go - so much to do !
the casablanca was absolutely wonderful !
after a scary cab ride from the airport , i was nervous to see what our room and hotel would be like .
i was beautiful .
we had a queen room , which i did not think was small at all .
beautiful marble floors in the bathroom .
the lounge/sitting room on the second floor was always great to come back to after a long day of walking .
free internet , drinks , snacks , etc .
every night we 'd ask the staff for suggestions on where to go for dinner , drinks , etc .
they even helped us with a route to take on the day we wanted to explore the shops around greenwich village and soho .
we had a wonderful time in new york , partly in thanks to the casablanca .
we will definitely stay there again .
i highly recommend staying there !
great place to stay i recently stayed at the casablanca hotel october 29- nov 1 with three family memebers in a suite .
i have nothing but good things to say about this hotel .
our room was a decent size for nyc and very clean .
the evening wine and cheese was great as was the breakfast ( both free ! ) .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
the hotel is steps away from times square in the heart of the theater district .
the subway is also just steps away .
being in midtown was is great b/c you are right in the middle of manhattan with easy access to uptown and downtown .
i would definately stay here again !
feel free to e - mail me is you have any questions about this hotel and/or its surounding area .
i will return this was our third stay at the casablanca hotel .
my wife and i both love staying here .
the hotel is a short distance from the tines square , which is not a bad thing .
the rooms are clean .
the price is more than fair .
the breakfast is great .
if your tired of the long lines to check in , or wait try the casablanca .
i will return to this place every time i come back to new york city .
wonderfull stayed at the casablanca from july 13-15 and it was wonderful .
the staff was friendly and attentive .
loved the wine  cheese reception and most of all loved it 's proximity to times square .
i ca not say enough good things about this hotel .
i will definately return on my next trip to the big apple .
great place to celebrate an anniversary my wife and i just spent a long weekend at the casablanca in celebration of our 28th wedding anniversary .
we have visited new york on several occasions on business trips and have stayed at the kymberly suites and the marriott marquis .
as we planned this trip , we debated on whether we should stay at the millennium or the casablanca based upon the best available rates as well as comments that we read at tripadvisor . com .
we chose the casablanca and are glad that we did .
the hotel casablanca is a great boutique hotel , with as friendly and helpful staff that you could ever ask for .
the rooms were exceptionally clean and quiet .
average size for a new york queen room , with nice appointments . the second floor rick 's cafe is a nice spot to pick up the complimentary tea and coffee , along with other baked goods .
the free breakfast is good if you are satisfied with cereals , pastries and juices .
we preferred a hot breakfast , and the manager had an excellent recommendation of the red flame grill just a block and a half away that had 24 hour , classic american menu that was prepared quickly , in a clean , crisp atmosphere . if you are traveling to new york , and broadway shows are on your agenda its hard to imagine a better location than that of the casablanca .
a 10- minute walk to any show on broadway , fifteen steps to the heart of times square .
there is easy access to all public transportation , this is a great spot for pleasure or business .
my wife and i are already looking forward to our next stay at casablanca .
great hotel in the perfect location we stayed three nights at the chancellor in mid - december , and it was perfect for us .
the location is excellent , the hotel staff was extremely helpful and the room as advertised . the room was small by u . s . standards , but larger than many rooms of comparable quality that i have stayed in in europe .
the room was funished nicely and kept clean by the staff .
and anyone who reads reviews on this site or the hotel 's website should not be surprised by the small size of the room , as they seem to go out of their way to make sure people understand what type of hotel they are . overall , we found everyone at the chancellor to be very nice and the hotel to be an excellent value .
we will stay here again .
a very enjoyable stay we stayed at the chancellor hotel for 3 nights and would recomend it .
the position is central for accessing most areas of san francisco , the room although small , was well eqiped and comfortable , the staff were very helpful , coffee and cookies were always available free of charge in the lobby and there were plenty of local restaurants to choose from .
for a city hotel and considering what we paid there was little that we could fault .
wonderful hotel !
we spent 5 nights at the chancellor hotel .
we had a very enjoyable stay .
the rooms are very clean and i loved the walk - in closet !
the bed and linens were comfortable . even though we did not try the pillow menu , it is a great feature .
( the pillows we had on the bed were perfect for us ) .
also , the option to rent ( very inexpensive ) a foot or bath massager is a good idea .
those hills are killers ! we were on the 13th floor ( no bad luck here ! ) and had a nice view toward union square .
with the window open and the ceiling fan on , our room was ok for temperature . . . it was quite warm the week we were there .
remember that sept  oct is summer in san fran .
the staff was all friendly and very helpful .
from storing our luggage when we arrived early to buying muni passes and answering all our questions on directions etc . . . thanks to all for the great service . all the little touches made the chancellor a perfect choice . . . the coffee , tea , cookies , apples in the lobby . . . the candy and rubber ducky in the room ~~ all made us feel welcome !
great location and terrific staff !
we stayed at the chancellor on the recommendation of a friend and made the reservations directly through the hotel .
the rates were easily comparable to any others available .
the hotel is located close to union square on the cable car line , and it was therefore easy to get around via public transportation . one of the desk clerks went out of her way to be helpful and for that i was quite grateful .
we received an unexpected gift just before we left on saturday evening , and had no way to get it home .
desiree r . took it upon herself to take it to a ups store on monday morning and made arrangements to have it shipped to me .
i think that was above and beyond the call of a desk clerk 's duty , and that kind of service , i hope , is typical of all their employees . we would certainly recommend the chancellor hotel to friends traveling to san francisco .
location , service , comfort my husband and i celebrated our honeymoon in san francisco from october 12-16.
we arrived too early to check in but the staff gladly held our baggage until check - in so we could go explore the streets of the city .
i had requested we have a room on a high floor as my husband and i prefer height in a hotel room ; we were on the 15th floor , the highest floor of the building .
upon checking into our room , we were surprised to find champagne , chocolates , and a gift from the staff in celebration of our marriage .
our view overlooked union square .
the staff were all friendly and quick to help with any questions or needs .
the room had a large walk - in closet - - a rare gem in a dense city like san francisco - - and was well - appointed .
the price simply could not be beat as i did some extensive research before we booked this trip .
the bed linens were nice and comfortable , the room was extremely clean and the operable window allowed sun and wind in to relax us after walking up all those sf hills !
should we return to san francisco for another visit ( who would not ? ? ) we will definitely stay at the chancellor again .
its location on union square lends itself to a variety of dining , shopping and transit options .
there is a cable car stop outside the hotel and the powell station where you can catch the muni or bart is only a couple of blocks away .
if you are considering the chancellor , just go ahead and book it !
awesome ! really liked the reviews of this hotel and delighted to see that they actually take the time to respond to some of the comments people make !
shows they take pride in what they do ! !
so we booked it and very pleased we did . staff were very friendly and very helpful .
location was fabulous and the hotel amenities were brilliant .
particularly like the on - tap tea and coffee available in the lobby all day - lovely to come back to a nice cup of tea in the afternoon !
the bedroom was very clean and tidy .
i have to say , i was really worried about the fact i 'd neglected to ask for a quiet room and we were then given a room on the 3rd floor overlooking the street .
however , i need not have worried because once the windows were closed , you could hardly hear a thing except for the ding ding of the cable cars - great double glazing ! !
no problem with there only being a ceiling fan instead of ac either ( i find ac units are difficult to regular and just end up making me ill ) .overally , great location , great service , great value for money .
definitely would stay here again ! !
still good second time around we stayed for three nights at the chancellor as a prelude to a long motor tour .
we have stayed there before and were so satisfied with the experience that we never really considered going anywhere else .
this time was equally as good . we had asked for a quiet room to help us through the first night 's jet lag and we were not disappointed .
it was on a high floor to avoid the traffic sounds but still had a partial view of union square and powell street .
it was not air conditioned but we have never found this a problem in san francisco and i think the age of the building must make installation extemely difficult .
the room was fairly small by us standards but beautifully decorated and properly serviced .
the staff are all cheerfully efficient and the restaurant has a good choice for breakfast ( and lunch , if you want to stay indoors .
we never have ! ) .
the tour desk booked us a nice wine tour so that i could drink before starting to self drive . the rest of our time was spent revisiting our favourite locations , travelling by cable car or local bus .
the chancellor 's location is ideal for starting such expeditions and , in view of this and its many other charms , it is very reasonably priced . we were not impressed by sears restaurant , the nearest to the chancellor .
it may be historic but this does not excuse poor food and indifferent service .
however this has no connection with the chancellor , apart from proximity .
perfect spot !
i wanted a weekend in sf without a car .
the chancellor is the perfect location for that .
they even had a link on their website to lorrie 's airport shuttle making getting to the chancellor a breeze and getting back to sfo equally comfortable .
the room was comfy and quiet with a ceiling fan that kept the room perfectly fresh and cool .
i was thrilled with the huge soaking tub .
i asked for a room on a high floor on the quieter side of the building and they met my needs perfectly .
the bed was wonderful .
the closet was nice to have to hang out my things .
the coffee , cookies , and bowl of fruit in the lobby were a nice touch .
the breakfast spot next door called sears is worth the short wait . . . perfect waffles , swedish pancakes and international visitors : eat at the bar for conversation .
the cable cars run right out front of the chancellor and you can get the tourist transit pass at the activities desk in the chancellor (3 days of cable cars , buses , trolleys - -so fun .
if i have any complaint it was that smoking was allowed in their bar that is out in the lobby making the short wait for the elevator stinky late at night .
the chancellor is so lovely and the staff is amazingly welcoming , helpful and courteously friendly .
i will be back ! !
great stay at the chancellor my husband and i stayed at the chancellor for 4 nights in september .
we had a great stay .
the room was comfortable and clean .
the staff were always very helpful .
our room was not ready when we arrived , but it took them just a short time to get it ready while we had lunch .
the hotel is in a great location , right on the cable car line and close to several bus stops .
make sure to request a mini fridge for your room for free and they will bring it up .
we were worried about the hotel not having a/c , but we did not have any problems sleeping there . . . because we had the ceiling fan and could open our window .
also , the cookies in the lobby are yummy ! ! great experience . . . .would definitely stay here again .
location and service were great for a budget friendly hotel we really enjoyed this hotel .
when booking , we were looking for something that met our budgetary requirements ( under $150/night ) and did not leave us feeling like we had given up amenities . the hotel has a great location , the service from the front desk staff is great and through a special deal ( they give you a discount if you stay for a certain amount of days .
i think it was like 20% off for 4 nights or more ) .
understated elegance we travel to san francisco many times a year and occasionally stay at the chancellor hotel . . . it is our only choice on our infrequent wish to stay in union square .
the chancellor is fine old world elegance and sophistication .
staff at the chancellor are consistently professional and expertly courteous .
though the rooms are small to tiny with small bathrooms , all our needs are met quite efficiently with attention to the smallest detail .
beautiful linens , comfortable beds .
old world is the description that comes to mind .
warm and secure .
very fair price for union square , plus parking of course . . . still one of the best rates in union square .
wonderful hotel , great service booked this hotel on the advice of the reviewers .
it was definitely everything that i expected and more .
the rooms , although a touch small were clean , pleasant , and having a window that actually opened was a great plus .
we were used to small hotel rooms travelling europe so it did not bother us at all .
we were hardly ever in the room , as sf has so much to offer .
the lobby was spacious and comfortable , and there was always fresh fruit , coffee and cookies .
this was such a wecome sight when coming in from a long walk up and down the hills of sf !
the bar in the lobby was wecolming as well , with 2 flat screen tvs that usually had a ball game or some other sporting event on .
the people at the front desk were friendly and helpful .
there was a menu in the room offering many different types of pillows , should you require something softer , more supportive , or hypoallergenic .
there was also a list of spa equipment to add to the bath tub should you feel like a foot or bubble massage after a long day of walking .
the tub was very deep and long , and a bath after a long day in sf was just what the doctor ordered !
the location is great , as everyone else mentioned , right outside is a cable car stop ( good to ride on at least once for the novelty ) and shopping in the area is abundant , with macys , saks , neimans , all across the street .
dotties true blue cafe , a wonderful breakfast spot was about a 3 block walk , ( and you need that walk , especially after you eat dotties fabulous breakfasts ) .
a wonderful mexican restaurant , colibri , was also a couple of blocks away .
if you get a chance eat at the slanted door at the ferry building for lunch or dinner .
food is fabulous .
the chancellor was just the perfect home base for all our sf explorations .
top location we stayed at this hotel after researching on this site and found it everything that people said and more .
the location was excellent , staff were brilliant and the cookies were delightful .
we could not work out why people had any complaints , the walkin wardrobe was very useful .
being a tall gentleman i found the bath one of the largest i 've come across .
a charming place to stay the chancellor exudes charm and character .
the staff are exceptional and the location is as good as it gets - one min walk from union square .
we stayed at the orchard hotel when we first arrived , it was twice the price and is further away from union square .
our room was compact but exceptionally clean and comfortable .
this hotel reminds me of an old new york hotel .
after three weeks travelling in ca and staying in all types of accommodation (5 star , bb 's etc ) the chancellor is one of the nicest places we have stayed . ps . the breakfast is good !
very pleasant stay at the chancellor as far as central locations in san francisco go , you ca not get it much better .
as we had a room pretty high up on the backside of the hotel we were able to sleep with the windows open , without any noise penetrating from the streets below .
the room had a walkin closet , with ample space for all the luggage we were carrying with us , and the bathroom was a decent size as well . the staff downstairs were very helpful , the lady in the concession stand in the lobby helped us with our tourarrangements and some of the other questions .
it is located extremely central , so it is very easy from there to start your trips , whether it is shopping (50 yards to union square ) or the cable carts ( passing by the hotel ) that tickles your fancy . when staying in san francisco this is as far as i am concerned a very good choice .
for the price it can not be beat .
the only place to stay in sf - an absolute gem !
last time i went to sf in 2006, i narrowed my hotel choices down to 2: the monaco and the chancellor .
i ended up choosing the monaco , which i subsequently regretted .
last week , i was finally able to correct my mistake and enjoyed the most wonderful stay at the chancellor .
i cannot fault this hotel - everything from start to finish was perfection .
all the hotel employees were courteous and efficient ; the food at the hotel restaurant , luques , was delicious ( open for breakfast .
lunch and dinner - we just had the breakfast ) , and the service prompt and friendly ; the room was spacious and beautifully appointed ; the hotel had wonderful maps and anything else you needed for your stay in sf .
full disclosure : like the previous reviewer , i was also upgraded to the top floor , which i 'm sure had larger rooms .
this hotel has everything - even the option to borrow a noise machine if you need one ( i never travel without mine , and did use it in sf , as i am a light sleeper ) .
the bed was amazingly comfortable - and you can request different pillows if you wish ( we did not need to do this , though - ours were perfect ! ) .
the bath products were wonderful and smelled great and the linens were unbelievably soft . the location is unbeatable - you are steps from the cable cars and the market street lines , which can take you right to fisherman 's wharf or the ferry building , respectively , and other places as well .
not to mention there is a world of amazing shopping at your feet when you step out the door !
any questions we had were answered courteously and promptly , and the valet process was great .
if you have any questions at all , do not hesitate to ask any of the staff - i was in a state of disbelief with regard to how consistently friendly , cheerful , and helpful every single member of the staff was .
that alone makes this hotel a standout , but it is an exceptional hotel for so many other reasons as well !
if you have forgotten anything or need anything , there is a walgreens nearby .
i went into the borders next door to the hotel to pick up a local magazine .
cabs were plentiful and easily found just outside the hotel at any time of day or night .
the chancellor is officially the only place i will stay in sf , and i will recommend the hotel to anyone and everyone without hesitation .
it is truly a gem of a hotel in the heart of sf .
thank you , chancellor and wes , for a unbelievably wonderful and pleasant stay .
i cannot wait to return !
excellent customer service !
we stayed at the chancellor from jun14-17 and absolutely loved it .
the location was great , right beside union square and near all the shops .
ton 's of restaurants in the area within walking distance , sushi , pizza , chinese , all american , whatever you are in the mood for .
it was easy to get to , we took the bart from the airport , took about 25minutes to get to our stop , just followed the directions , cost was $5.35each one way , walk to the hotel from the bart stop was slightly up hill along powell , cable car line , approx 4 blocks or so , took us maybe 10mins .
lovely reception area , check - in could not have been quicker , staff at front desk were very friendly and welcoming .
they gave us a package at check - in giving us a discount for the dining area as well as 2 for 1 drinks at the hotel bar .
we also received a coupon for the 11% discount at macy 's given to foreign passport holders .
now to the room .
i had done my homework and was expecting a smaller size room based on everything i 'd read and yes the room is smaller than some , however it is not the smallest room i 've ever stayed in and i have travelled a lot .
the room was efficiently layed out , with nothing in the way of the other and spotlessly clean .
i loved the rubber duck in the bathroom and the bath salts that soothed my aching blistered feet .
there was more than enough room for two girls who planned on shopping and bringing takeout back to the room .
the closet was huge , walkin with a safe in the back , iron , ironing board and an umbrella , just in case , i love it !
there was a jar of candy on one of the tables , mint , butterscotch , cinnamon , jolly rancher , nice touch , we had several .
room service was available , not particularily expensive , however we did not order anything becase coffee was always available and freshly baked cookies as well as apples .
we would grab a coffee and cookie in the morning as well as a complimentary newspaper .
as mentioned in previous reviews , there is no air conditioning , but the windows in the bathroom and the room open , allowing for air to circulate and there is a fan overhead if you need it , but i do not think you will , average temp during summer is in the mid 70's and it cools down at night .
we did not use the fan .
we had two single beds and covering up with the lightweight duvet was more than enough to keep us warm or cool at the same time .
the bed was extremly comfortable .
there is a tour desk in the lobby .
they will make arrangements for any tour you like , pick up from the front lobby .
we took a day tour of the city , highly recommend it , it took us to all the spots you must see , first time in sfo .
if you do not want to book a tour , from this location you are within blocks of china town , taking you maybe 10-15mins to get there .
we walked from the wharf back to the hotel , took us 45 minutes , most of it uphill .
no problem .
now to the part that made the biggest impression on us , the hotel staff .
it was not just the staff at the front desk that were friendly but everyone that worked there said hello to us and smiled .
once we were getting into an elevator and the bellman who was already in the elevator got out to allow us to use the elevator first .
he insisted , even though we told him we 'd wait .
the employee 's all seemed happy to be there and ready to work , no private converstaions going on that you fear interrupting or conversations that continue while you wait for someone to notice you are waiting to ask a question and that means a lot to me .
i hate feeling like someone is doing me a favour by answering a question .
we loved this hotel and stay here again in a minute .
clean and perfect stayed here on june 13,14 2008.
it was very quaint and clean .
i took the recommendations of folks on ta and am very pleased i did .
first , it was clean .
2nd , the staff was very helpful with advice from restaurants to bars to mass transit .
the little bar in the lobby was cool .
as well as the free coffee and cookies .
my gf and i had a queen bed on the 6th floor .
it was quiet as our room faced the roof .
so no view , but i did 'nt care .
the room was small , but it is a neat little hotel in union sq in the middle of sf , so what did i expect .
it met my expectiations and even exceeded them in some areas .
it 's not the ritz , they do not claim to be and the price is not the ritz .
the location is perfect in union sq . keep checking their prices as they might drop them for any given weekend if they have not filled up .
good old fashioned service fourth time in san francisco , first time in the chancellor . we
usually stay at the much more expensive hilton around the corner .
in the future we will stay again at the chancellor . stayed
twice on this trip once at the start and once at the end of april .
the location is spot on , right on the powell street cable car line on union square which is a great area to stay . the public areas are very nice with comfy sofas in reception and gorgeous fresh cookies , free aswell ! the rooms are small by american standards but what they lack in size they make up for in quality .
the rooms are very nicely decorated with a nice comfy bed too . the staff were fantastic .
i wish i could remember all of their names to thank them in this review .
the young male desk clerk and young doorman spent ages making sure my vista computer would pick up the internet in the hotel .
the breakfast was very nice and as a guest we got a 10% discount voucher too . overall the hotel provides very good quality rooms and good old fashioned service .
did not get to meet the manager whose comments on here played a big part in choosing the hotel as you can tell from what he says , how much he cares about the guests and that has obviously been passed down to the rest of the staff too .
loved the chancellor having just returned from a us holiday , i can highly recommend the chancellor hotel as a place to stay in san francisco .
the location is fantastic , the costs reasonable for the area but most of all the service is excellent .
all of staff were incredibly friendly and provided top service for the whole week we were there . definitely contact the chancellor if you are staying in san fran !
chancellor is a great find - but not for everyone just returned from three nights at the chancellor and have mostly very positive things to say about the chancellor - we would definitely stay there again when returning to san francisco ( which is a wondeful city - everyone should visit ) .
the location is perfect - a few of blocks from the cable - car turnaround , across the street from union square , within walking distance of excellent restaurants and bars . . .
i could go on , but suffice it to say that for travellers and tourists , i strongly recommend it .
( a quick hint : if you 're looking for great breakfasts , go a few blocks south to cafe bellini , pick up a sandwich or danish , and enjoy some outdoor dining on the steps in union square . )although our interaction with hotel staff was relatively limited , i must give special mentiont to rory , who greeted us on arrival late friday night : in the midst of a very trying set of circumstances ( he was alone at the front desk , confronting an ever - increasing line of people waiting to be checked in , a pair of guests whose door - keys refused to work , and someone who kept calling on the phone to ask for driving directions ) , he maintained his composure and was polite and helpful throughout . as many good things as i have to say about the hotel , it is not for everyone .
i greatly enjoyed the jar of complimentary candy in our room and the free popcorn in the lobby , but some people might see these as gilding the lily .
although i 've seen the term boutique applied to the chancellor , i do not think that 's entirely accurate - to me , the term implies a hotel which has been recently renovated to offer the latest in design elements and luxury amenities .
that 's not the chancellor .
you wo not be finding a sleek bar in the lobby , or flat - screen tvs in your room - what you 're getting is an older building that could use some renovating , but which with apparent attention and effort has been well - maintained and is certainly punching above its weight .
as an example , the beds are very comfortable , but the lobby is dated ( if still quite nice ) .
it 's an excellent value , it 's a great location , i would strongly recommend it - but if you 're looking for a cookie - cutter chain environment , or more emphasis on fancy bottles of shampoo and pricey designer bottled water , this is not for you .
the chancellor offers accommodations with some quirks ( both good and bad ) and a bit of personality - precisely what some are looking for in a lodging experience , but not exactly what caters to everyone .
great city to visit first stop on our whistle stop tour of the usa . we arrived at the hotel late and not in the best of moods after a long flight from the uk and with all our luggage missing .
the reception staff were very helpful and offered to look after our luggage during the night , should it arrive , and it did . we had a room at the front of the hotel and if offered great views of the street and cable cars , but the downside was the back ground noise for most of the night .
it was not a difficult discussion to request a room change , because we had not unpacked .
the room transfer was carried out while we were enjoying the sights of san francisco . the hotel is in great location for exploring the city , on the main cable car line for different points on the water front , not to mention the underground , and bus service , and of course the shops . like all hotels in the usa you have no drink making facilities in the room , but next to the bar they seam to have coffee and tea on tap all day , not to mention the cookies in the morning , and fresh pop corn most evenings . in the reception they have information desk so can book all your trips , not to mention the lorries shuttle for the return trip to the airport . we found the hotel very clean and comfortable and would recommend it to everybody . san francisco is great city to visit , it felt very clean and most of all very safe .
excellent boutique hotel !
having previously read the reviews on tripadvisor , i felt quite confident on booking this hotel , and i was not disappointed .
we arrived following a long flight , and a sharp introduction to driving in san francisco ( do not ! ) - we had a simple and very friendly check - in and were straight up to our rooms ( which as we had requested were close together ) .the location is fantastic . . a short walk to the main shopping area , and easy ( right outside the hotel ) cable car connections towards fishermans wharf . the rooms were recently refurbished , and nicely decorated .
excellent walk - in closet , the bathroom was a little small - but thats hardly a problem !
i thought it was great that you could plug your mp3 player into the radio , so that you could listen to your own music .
and the nice touch of a pot of sweets was lovely ! coffee/tea were provided in the hotel lobby free - of - charge so you could just help yourself whenever you fancied one - again a nice touch . off - site parking is available on sutter street ( quicker to walk to than drive to ! ) but none - the - less ideally placed .
they also do valet parking there if thats your preference . the only downside really was that there was no ac , and the rooms can get a little warm .
yes , you can open the window , but it does get quite noisy with the cable cars . . . however after the first night i found i could get used the cable car bells , however the emergency services are not quite so quiet ! ! ! loved the little bar in the hotel . . only thing it closed at 9.30pm every night we were there . . . thats pretty early .
i believe friday  saturday nights it is open later .
drink selection is pretty good . overall , we had a great stay , and we would certainly return to the chancellor if we find ourselves back in san francisco .
great hotel we have just returned from a lovely stay at the chancellor .
we had let them know that we were coming from our wedding in las vegas and there was a bottle of sparkling wine and a photo frame , nicely wrapped in our room .
the hotel staff were efficient and friendly , especially the restaurant staff and the the little lady in the gift shop .
this is obviously a hotel that is run by an observant and hands - on manager , his details are readily available and special touches like the cookies in reception ( only quibble - they ran out by the time we came back from our days out ! ) and pillow menu show that they are actively trying to maintain their standards by providing thoughtful service rather than gaudy chandeliers and exorbitant prices .
as good as everyone says this hotel is definately as good as everyone says .
we were not disappointed at all .
the location is absolutely fantastic being right on union square with all the shopping you could possibly want and a cable car stop right out the front ( which takes you down to fisherman 's wharf ) .
chinatown is a short 5-10 minute walk away with japantown being a bit further away and easy to get to on the bus ( great for japanese food ! )the rooms are very nice .
they might not be huge by american standards , but by european standards they are a good size .
everything was spotless and very nicely furnished .
we asked for a high floor room and got the 11th floor which looked down towards union square .
it was very quiet , even with the window open . we booked a package deal which came with parking which was located around the corner ( a minutes walk away ) , as well as a voucher for food/drinks .
this paid for our breakfast which was delivered to our room and was massive !
a great way to start the day !
the price was fantastic at about $150 per night for the parking and $25 voucher . the staff were very friendly at all times and very helpful .
i would definately stay here again next time in sf .
affordable , comfortable , great hotel !
my top ten reasons i liked the chancellor hotel ( in no particular order ) . . .1.
the staff was extremely friendly 2. the beds were really comfortable3.
the huge walk in closet and the comfortably sized bathroom made up for the small room4.
the room and bathroom were clean5.
the hotel is entirely non smoking6.
it is close the all the union square attractions and on the street car line !7.
the hotel tries to be environmentally friendly encouraging recycling and reusing .
the over head fan and the window make things comfortable .
trust me you wo not miss the a/c and you might actually have to use the space heater depending on the the time of the year you are there .9.
there is fruit , tea/coffee , cookies and muffins in the lobby and restaurant too .10.
the rates were affordable ! i had a great stay .
i am looking forward to going back to san francisco in the future just so i can stay at the chancellor again !
honestly - -this is a great hotel i chose this hotel as for my budget it was the top rated hotel - no 5, and every positive report seen was true . we had an e - mail the day before we travelled to confirm room would be ready , so no nasty shocks upon arrival , cannot find booking and full . - - -great
pr that e - mail . the staff at reception upon arrival were friendly and helpful and our room 1400( i reqested a high room when booking in january ) , was clean and airy .
the furniture was clean and the beds were very comfortable with good mattresses and most important of all the bed linen was pristine whitethe bathroom was very clean and well supplied with a few extras like cotton balls and buds and tissues and of course the yellow duck . in the room too we had a small room off , for cases , hanging spaces , an ironing board , umbrella and safe . the tv was good with stacks of channelsand we also had a modern alarm clock into which you could plug your mp player . down stairs you have a lobby , bar and resturant with free tea or coffee and cookies from mid afternoon till evening time . the staff were very friendly ( especially mao in the resturant - a little gem ) and all were very proffesional in they 're jobs . the location of the hotel is a plus point too , being only 250 yards from bart station , overlooking union square with all the best shops you could wish for nearby and a cable car stop outside the hotel .
this hotel has been set up and run to care for its clients and it does so in a very efficient manner , i will , upon my return to sf hopefully in not too distant future , return to this hotel , not bothering to look elsewhere .
i can say honestly , hand on heart this establishment is a credit to the city and i would without question recommend it to anyone . read reports in tripadvisor about other hotels - -rip offs , dodgy areas , paperthin walls and torn dirty bed linen - - - you will get nothing like that here - - - what they promise in the brochures is exactly what you get and delivered in a friendly proffesional manner .
loved it - great value .
my husband and i stayed at the hotel from april 2-6 as a fun stop before a trip to another city .
after a very long and terrible day of air travel , the friendly woman at the front desk was efficient and gave us supplies as our luggage did not make it with us .
our room was stylish , clean and comfortable .
it was not small considering the age of the hotel .
throughout our stay , the staff with whom we interacted ( front desk , housekeeping , bell , concierge ) were all very friendly and helpful .
at one time , i called the guest services line for help connecting to the internet - it 's free by the way - and they were so helpful , the young woman offered to come to my room to help .
i have stayed at many more expensive hotels , including one in union square , but i have never written a review until now - probably because i chose the chancellor from other reviews on this site and feel like i now have to pass it on - its charming details are abundant and it is a great value .
why stay anywhere else ?
just returned from a week in the bay area and the chancellor was everything we hoped for .
san francisco is an expensive city and the chancellor has to be the best deal in town .
i mean , seriously , for $128/night to stay in a clean , comfortable room right in the heart of the city !
you 've got to be kidding me .
i 've stayed in smaller , dirty rooms for twice as much in nyc and london . the location is perfect .
the trolley stops literally right outside the door , and there are hundreds of places to eat and drink in the union square area , not to mention all the shopping right across the street .
if you are renting a car to go out to wine country , all the major rental places have pick - up locations right around the corner .
this is great news if you do not want to pay for a car at the airport and park it in a garage for a couple of days while you 're in the city . the staff was super friendly , from rory at check - in to i think it was matt who helped us with our bags .
everyone had a smile and a nice comment whenever they interacted with guests . room size was fine . . . .just as advertised .
clean and comfortable with plenty of hot water .
if you are spending all your time in your hotel room while in san francisco then you are missing out on a great city . i would not even think of staying anywhere else .
there is no reason to .
clean , convenient , affordable and really good free cookies .
the chancellor is a great base for exploring san francisco .
fantastic stay at the chancellor hotel !
my husband and i stayed at the chancellor hotel april 2  3. we chose this hotel after reviewing many sf hotels through tripadvisor .
our trip to sf was not a pleasure getaway persay , as i had an appointment at the comprehensive cancer center at ucsf .
although we were in san francisco for medical reasons the chancellor hotel made our trip so pleasant .
there was a very informative gentleman working the front desk ( mike ) when we arrived .
he was so helpful in giving us information about the public transportaion . . . he gave us the bus number to catch to get to my appointment . . . explained how to get to the bus stop  how to purchase the muni passes ( thanks , mike ! ) .
i would highly reccomend the chancellor .
the staff is great , the rooms are clean , the beds are amazingly comfortable  i love the pillow service !
they have a list of different types of pillows to choose from , you call the front desk with your preference  they are brought to your room .
nice touch ! we had a cocktail in the lounge our first night there  the bartender was super friendly .
my husband was craving italian food and she reccomended a little italian restaurant that was out of this world good .
we had breakfast at the hotel one morning and it was really good as well .
the sears restaurant next door has an amazing breakfast too . overall , we were more than pleased with our stay at the chancellor hotel .
hopefully , the next time we are back it is strictly for pleasure ( no medical appointments ) .thank you chancellor !
wonderful stay at the chancellor just got back from our california coastal trip starting in san francisco at the chancellor .
i chose our 4 different hotels , including the chancellor , after reading great reviews consistently on all on trip advisor .
the chancellor was everything and more that we thought it would be - very clean , centrally located , with very friendly and helpful staff .
after reading reviews on trip advisor , we knew the rooms were smallish , that there was no a/c , and that the hotel was an older boutique style establishment , none of which negatively impacted our stay in any way .
i would recommend the chancellor to everyone .
oldie but goodie i have to echo the many other favorable comments about service and value .
if you are staying in sf and need access to the business district this is the one .
( i travel worldwide and stay in many expensive five star hotels . )my
colleague needed a razor after the hours of the small hotel gift store and the clerk immediately sent out for one and it was brought to his room . although the clerks were not too knowledgeable when i asked about restaurants with specific cuisines both clerks offered to help with one handing me a zagat book and the other looking up information on the computer . the waitress at the breakfast restaurant anticipated my needs perfectly . the hotel is about 94 years old so do not expect contemporary and fancy decor , but do expect a very fine intermediate level business class hotel . i noticed that the hotel displayed 2005 and 2006 awards from tripadvisor .
i expect that the award for 2007 is in the mail .
fantastic hotel stayed for 4 nights in late february .
their web site accurately depicts the hotel .
all the staff were extremely friendly .
can not say enough good things about this hotel .
certainly deserves the current rating on this web site .
perfect stay had a perfect stay at the chancellor .
location is right in the middle of everything .
staff very helpful and very friendly . rooms are small , but still sufficient .
and i prefer to use the bathroom by myself , not at the same time with my partner .
for one occupant at a time there is plenty of room in the bathroom .
did not miss air condition at all , there is a fan which was not even needed at the time of my stay .
open window during night . . . .and as to the street noise : well , you choose the location ( heart of the city ) , so how come people still expect no street sounds ? ?the pillow service was a very nice touch !
they offer about 10 different pillows to choose from . . . . . so take your pick . i had had the package that included parking .
sutter garage is very close and once you have reached the garage they park your car for you . . . . would definitely stay at the chancellor again !
xenia from germany .
hope to come back i chose this hotel based on location and other reviews on tripadvisor and i must say , that everything written on the upsides of this hotel is true .
lovely staff , excellent location , low rates .
you 'll have to accept a bit of noise during the night due to garbage trucks ( as far as i could guess ) .
conclusion : i will definately be coming back to this hotel if i get the chance to go to san francisco again .
great location/sensational service on arrival we were greated warmly , and the check in process was easy .
they even offered to store out ski bags without being asked to . rooms were compact , yet very clean . location cannot be beat , with union sq across the road and the cable car stop outside the door .
if shopping is your thing , you cannot be located anywhere better . the staff went out of thier way to make us feel welcome , offering advice on local attractions , local restaurants , booking tours and advising us on ways to save a dollar or two on transport etc . hotel restaurant only open for breakfast and lunch , and the breakfasts wereplentiful and resonably priced . hotel bar is cosy , and a great place to have a quiet drink before heading out for dinner , the bar staff always offering ideas on what is on and available for the tourist . this is a hotel where you get value for moneywould definatly reccomend to anybody staying in san francisco . i cannot fault this hotel .
loved the chancellor my husband and i just spend 5 nights at the chancellor hotel and loved it .
our room the first night was rather noisy with it being street side on the second floor .
we asked about being moved to a quieter room the next day and they did it with no problem whatsoever .
the front desk clerks were all helpful ; one of the girls even printed my boarding passes for me since i would be out and about when the time came to do it on line ! the complimentary tea/coffee/cookies/popcorn in the lobby was great as were the complimentary newspapers . the room was nice , big enough for two , with a great shower ! the hotel has a nice little bar/lounge . the location is wonderful .
access to the trolley car , street cars , buses , etc were all within minutes . we loved it and would stay there again .
good room , great staff this was my first stay .
i 'm pleased and i will be back .
the staff was uniformly courteous , competent , and helpful .
the room was small but not so small as to be a problem , with a huge closet and a comfortable bed .
everything looked very nice .
there were no noise problems from within the hotel , though anything overlooking union square will have street noise .
on the whole , finding this place was a big win .
great time my wife and i stayed from feb . 16-21 and could not been happier .
we had a great visit to sf for the first time and got great advice from the front desk .
our room was perfect and we will stay at your hotel next time .
incredible staff , terrific stay we chose the chancellor based on reviews on this site and management responses and were totally happy and impressed with our choice .
every staff member was genuinely concerned with our comfort and patient with our requests for directions and restaurant recommendations .
rex and alicia in the bar were gracious , funny , and informative ; the housekeepers were quite pleasant and extremely thorough , and the front desk staff were quick and efficient without being curt .
the location is excellent , easy to acess public transportation , shopping , and a great selection of restaurants .
our stay here was the highlight of our 3 city vacation and we 'll be sure to stay here again on our next trip .
great job mr . tyler !
highlight of our honeymoon !
we stayed at the chancellor for 3 nights last week at the beginning of our honeymoon .
we booked at this property because of the excellent reviews on this site and also because we loved wes tyler 's smart and funny management responses .
it was absolutely the right choice . we arrived at the hotel around noon , and the checkin was smooth - -despite our early arrival , our room was ready within 15 minutes .
the room was lovely , and there was a bottle of champagne , glasses with the chancellor logo , and a lovely picture frame waiting for us .
the front desk and concierge staff were friendly and gave excellent directions to all the places we wanted to go .
the coffee and cookies in the lobby were a homey touch , and the coffee was so good i never felt the need to go in search of peet 's !
we used the pillow menu ( the memory foam pillows are amazing ) , and we asked the first day for a refrigerator , which was delivered and cold by the time we returned from lunch in chinatown .
we had drinks in the bar each night that we were there , and found alicia to be a funny and informative barkeep .
housekeeping did a wonderful job of keeping our room clean and comfortable . the location of the hotel is terrific .
it was easy to get anywhere we wanted to go , and right on the cablecar line .
we were just a couple of blocks from the bus line , chinatown , the world 's largest macy 's , and a mall housing some really wonderful restaurants .
we especially enjoyed our meal at out and about , a vietnamese restaurant .
my husband and i run a 32 room inn with a full service restaurant in the berkshires of massachusetts , and came home with lots of ideas to improve our own guests ' experience .
we loved that the chancellor provided an umbrella for our use ( found in our room closet ) , especially since it rained for most of the time we were in san francisco .
the guest computer , complete with printer , next to the front desk was easily accessible .
we had a wonderful experience staying at the chancellor , and will definitely return .
next time we hope to meet wes tyler to compliment him personally for his well run hotel and excellent staff .
a truly great bargain this is my second stay at this hotel , though this time my wife joined me , so there were two in our room .
i have only good things to say about the chancellor .
this is a hotel that speaks of the caring attitude from top to bottom : ownership , management , employees .
even with two of us in the room , which is on the small side , as anyone reading reviews of this hotel is well aware , we managed without a problem .
the room was quiet , clean , newly decorated and the bed was very comfortable .
breakfast was reasonably priced and tasty ; service was cheerful and professional .
in fact , all of the staff was courteous , knowledgable and helpful ( e . g . , they take it as a challenge to get you online via their wifi system , which i am finding is difficult to do with microsoft 's vista software , but they persisted in helping me - - and succeeded , more than i can say about the other , much more expensive , hotel where we stayed on this trip ) .
in a city like san francisco , what more does one really need ?
in fact , many of the more expensive hotels we have been to could learn a lot by observing the efforts that everyone associated with the chancellor makes to help you enjoy your trip .
by the way , if you wish to have a quiet and peaceful room ( though without a view ) , request one in the back .
excellent older hotel in a prime location stayed for 6 nights in november in a top floor room away from powell street .
the room was spotlessly clean , average size and reasonably appointed .
even with the window open there were no noise issues .
rooms have no airconditioning but do have effective ceiling fans which was fine for my stay - sometimes its good to get fresh air !
i found the staff to be excellent , friendly and very helpful at all times .
i did not eat in the restaurant , so i ca not comment on that . overall i have to say the chancellor is exceptional value , especially given its prime location .
i would not hesitate to recommend it .
great hotel , great town san francisco is always a great urban getaway for those of us who live in the urban desert of los angeles .
over the years we 've stayed at many hotels in sf , from boutique to grand - but for value , comfort , service and location , the chancellor is hard to beat . parking is easy for those who drive - and the reception staff courteous and efficient .
the room was well appointed and extremely comfortable with , most important , a good bathroom . free wireless internet , good restaurant . . . it 's impossible to fault this neat hotel right at the corner of union square . first choice for future visits . barry creyton 
brilliant hotel !
my husband and i stayed here for 3 nights over the christmas period and had an excellent stay .
we originally booked on the strength of the previous reviews and the very reasonable price we got ( including parking ) , not to mention the great location a stone 's throw from union square , the trolley stop and loads of shopping .
we were not disappointed . the hotel itself is attractive , clean and recently renovated .
our room was on the small side , but this was not a problem - it was well appointed and had a very comfortable bed .
the staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the little bar in the lobby was great to grab a quick night cap after a long day out !
the free popcorn and freshly baked cookies were also a nice touch . all in all , a gem of a hotel and definitely recommended .
a wee gem what can i say that has not already been said by other reviewers ?
this hotel is a wee gem , an oasis in a desert of corporate anonymity .
the hotel is quaint and quirky , with so many personal and unique surprises - thank you for the champagne , photo frames , rubber ducks ( complete with christmas hats ! ) , popcorn , coffee and cookies .
everyone there was friendly , helpful and genuine - alicia and rex in the bar , mao and the restaurant team , susan at the tour desk , rory and the front of house staff .
did not meet wes the manager but he 's obviously doing a great job , setting the high standards that his team lives up to .
the location is excellent , the rooms are great but it is the people who work there that make it so special .
i would highly recomment this hotel to anyone who appreciates the personal touch and who wants an experience , not just somewhere to stay . i had the best holiday ever in san francisco , it 's a fantastic city .
thank you to all at the chancellor .
happy new year 
great value on union square stayed for 4 nights in two rooms over christmas .
worked out really well for us .
the bed was super comfy .
the shower had plenty of hot water .
the room was quiet for us .
the room is not large but has a couple of chairs and a desk .
free wireless internet too .
san francisco is one of those cities were if you are spending lots of time in your room , you just ai not doing the city right . our 3rd floor room faced powell street which is where the cable car runs and they start at 6:30am .
this did not bother us but we also do not sleep late .
i 'm guessing if you are a light sleeper who wants to sleep in you should ask for a room either higher up or not facing powell .
btw , our 19 year old teenagers had no problem sleeping late !
( based on my other reviews i seem to be a little more sensitive to noise than others . )the
front desk was very helpful in recommending places to eat . only complaint ( and the gm seems to read these comments ) - - more chocolate chip cookies and fewer cinnamon raisin !
wow , that should be the complaint about all hotels right ? we rented a car for a few days to go north along the coast .
we self - parked which is no big hassle - - just around the block . we really liked the hotel 's restaurant for breakfast .
we ate there two days and service was fast and friendly .
my coffee was refilled so quickly one day that i lost track of how much i drank and spent the day wired !
the sears fine food place next door gets lots of hype and a line of people standing out in the cold for maybe 30 minutes to get in .
it was good but not that good .
the french toast at sears is in my opinion better but the eggs were better at the hotel . we took bart from the airport and walked up powell to the hotel .
that was exactly 1 hour from the domestic terminal to the hotel 's door .
why did we wait so long the first time i stayed at the chancellor was in dec . 1990 when i went christmas shopping with three friends .
we stayed at other hotels in and around union square during the past 17 years and they were ok .
living in the central valley we are frequent visitors to san francisco . i came back to the chancellor by a twist of fate .
my mother , aunt and sister from new york wanted to visit san francisco in september after attending my son 's wedding .
when we were talking about it , my aunt found a an index card my uncle ( now deceased ) had typed with information about the chancellor .
it had a hand written note on it that i liked it .
on a fluke , we called the phone number on the card and sure enough the reservation clerk at the chancellor answered in person .
same phone number 17 years later and a real live person ! ! !
no recording ! ! !
we booked a room for my husband and myself and suite for my mom , my aunt and my sister right next to us on the 15th floor .
we had a wonderful time !
the staff is top notch , so courteous and helpful .
we love the extra touches of coffee , tea , cookies , fruit , newspapers 24- hours 7 days a week .
luques restaurant has delicious food and superb eggs benedict . . . yum . . . .during the sept . trip i booked a suite for the dec . 1 and 2, 2007 for myself and my three christmas shopping friends .
this time we got the suite on the 14th floor , which is in the back of the hotel and much quieter .
we had a fantastic weekend and really got into the christmas spirit ! ! !
we did lots of shopping , eating , walking . . . . and laughing at beach blanket babylon ! ! my friend wants to go back to sfo in january and already booked another hotel down the street .
the desk clerk was rude and snappy ? ? so , i wonder how our stay will be ? i would rather stay at the chancellor ! !
loved the chancellor my husband and i stayed at the chancellor from the 22nd to the 28th of nov after reading many reviews on trip advisor and we were not disappointed , it was excellent .
we had a room on the 2nd floor and despite initially being worried about noise , we found that it was fine and we slept brilliantly .
the bed was very comfortable and the choice of pillows is great .
all the staff were incredibly helpful and efficient , checking in and out really quickly and the restaurant staff remembered us each morning which was nice .
yes , some might say the room and the bathroom are small , but that is to be expected in a hotel of this type .
i live in a new build house in scotland and my bedroom at home is a lot smaller than the one at the chancellor !
overall , i think this is a wonderful hotel and if you do your research properly you will not be disappointed .
i would definitely recommend this hotel and i hope to return soon .
exactly what i wanted !
my boyfriend and i stayed at this hotel from august 7-8, 2007 ( sorry for the delayed review , but i could not let this hotel go without my praise ! ) for his birthday .
i bought tickets for two giant 's games and wanted to find the perfect little hotel for us to stay in .
location : i 've been to san fran many times before , and i love union square . . . so , this hotel could not be more perfectly located .
right on union square with a cable car stop right out the front door , with very easy access to public transportation ( we bought a 3 day muni pass for $18 dollars , a great deal because pt in this city is very convenient ) , and loads of shopping nearby .
cost : i wanted to go on the cheaper side for hotel cost , since i had just spent a bunch on baseball tickets , so you really cant beat the price at the chancellor .
i did a ton of research on tripadvisor and other hotel websites , and i knew that this was the place to stay .
i got a great rate of around $100 per night , and i had origianlly only booked one night at first .
after arriving at the hotel we realized that we had found a true gem and we immediately called the front desk to see if they could accomodate us for another night .
the front desk was more than helpful in extending our stay and also made sure we would not have to move our stuff into another room the next day .
simply flawless and friendly service .
room : i requested a room that was on a higher floor , newly renovated and facing union square .
when we checked in we got a corner room on the ninth floor overlooking union square .
bed was very comfortable , bathroom was small but very functional .
this is an older building so it has it 's quirks and imperfections , but that all adds to the charm . . . so just keep that in mind .
from reading past reviews , it seems that they are very good at accomodating every guest 's requests . . . but i 'm sure that there will be times when people 's requests ca not be met , but thats just how it goes .
this hotel really goes out of its way to make their guests happy , so no one should let a little thing like tat ruin their stay .
service : again , the service here is fantastic .
the woman at the front desk was so nice and helpful , and make checking in a total breeze ( we even arrived several hours before normal check in time , but this did not seem to be a problem in our case ) .
the bartender was also quite friendly and mixed some good drinks .
overall , you get great value for the money you pay .
in a city like sf you can expect to pay tons of money at any hotel , so paying the rate you pay at the chancellor , its almost like robbery !
simply cannot say enough good things about his hotel .
so if you know what you are looking for : a smaller hotel , great location , charm and quirks , with great service , you should not look any further than the chancellor .
fantastic stay what was great about this hotel apart from the great rates and superb location , were the little touches that made my stay perfect .
this was the first long haul holiday with my wife and 10 month old daughter .
the hotel provided on request a decent cot and a fridge at no additional cost .
upon checking in i was issued with 4 free travel tickets for the trams , which were readily used .
the bed was very comfortable and the room clean and pleasant to stay in , this was important as my daughter being so young needed to be in bed by 8.00.
the rooms were not the largest i have stayed in , but were cosy .
the restaurant was fine ( decent breakfast ) as was the bar , but being with child we could not utilize to their full potential .
the free coffee or tea and complimentary cookies were a nice touch . the staff were helpful and courteous although having all that i needed i never needed press them for anything .
overall everything i needed with no effort .
great hotel .
superb amazing hotel in a great location . this hotel should be 4 or 5 stars for the service and the quality of the room , and proves how flawed the whole star system can be as i have stayed in 4 and 5 star hotels which have been much worse than this one . firstly the location is second to none .
you are staying right on union square in prime central location .
you are staying right next to all the most expensive hotels , and the most expensive shops and restaurants . to get there from the airport i would advise taking one of the shuttle buses which will cost only $14 plus tip , much cheaper than a taxi . the service throughout the hotel was excellent .
the room was a good size , and it was located in a quiet area as i requested , although i thought the whole hotel was quiet . the hotel has wi - fi throughout , and if you do not have a computer you can check your emails on the computer in the lobby for free !
the room had a nice size bathroom , which a good shower/bath .
there is a fan in the room , which i preferred compared to the air - conditioning systems found in most hotels which always give me a sore throat . there is also a television and a clock which can play your mp3 player through its speakers . as for san francisco it is very nice .
would definitely advise booking alcatraz as soon as you get there as it is always booked up during peak season for at least a day , so if you are only staying a couple of days book it before you go there , and if you are staying a week or so , then do it as soon as you get there . the tour bus , located in fishman 's wharf is a good way of seeing the city ( and is close to the place for buying alcatraz tickets ) so i would advise seeing fisherman 's wharf , buying your alcatraz tickets and doing some of the tours on the first day so that you have a good orientation on the city . enjoy , 
great location , funky room , good price having spent ages researching hotels and b and b 's in san fran , i ended up with the chancellor based on trip advisor ratings and the candid photo 's - these were ten times better than the home page pictures on the current hotel owned website which really put me off initially - update your site guys !
you need to do the rooms justice !
from the site i thought the more basic rooms would look like the homepage pics but they do not which is a good thing ! could not really fault our stay - loved the room - must have been done up recently ( again , does your website make this clear chancellor hotel ? ) in a very funky but restrained way .
felt like a retro , botique style and not stiff , prim or chintzy like so many overpriced supposedly up market places .
bed was fab - good mattress , choice of pillows .
we overlooked union square but despite that , not too noisy (12th floor ) bathroom could be a little too 'retro ' for some people - think the fittings are the same as before renovation and looked a little old but spotlessly clean so who cares ?
if you are fussy about your bathroom this could be an issue but all we want is enough space and a decent shower and for it to be clean to it ticked all our boxes there .
no fridge in room which seemed odd at first but did not really miss it and you can get ice down the corridor .
breakfast room service was ok but never been over impressed anywhere so ca not fault the effort .
staff were great accross the board - friendly and helpful at desk and in the bar , prompt room service .
gave the place a really pleasant atmosphere .
i asked for a room that i saw on the trip advisor site and got it which i had not expected and it was my girlfriends birthday - they supplied a card and bottle of good , red wine which was a really nice touch .
thanks chancellor ! location is very convenient .
we were not that keen on union sqaure area itself but if you want to shop - this is the place to be .
best things going for location are the cable car right outside to take you to more interesting areas such as north beach , russian hill etc . unless you are taking a boat trip , advise staying well clear of fisherman 's wharf ( although sea lions are great fun ! ) as its tacky , packed and does not do san fran justice - much better to hang out in funky neighbourhoods or go to golden gate state park .
ferry to sansaulito highly recommended - pretty little town with great eating options over the bay .
china town , city lights bookstore , north beach cafes and bars all an easy walk away - these were our favourite places to hang out and wander and chancellor was the perfect place to come back and chill after walking around all day .
we would go back and will recommend to anyone for a good value , relaxing stay in a great hotel .
perfect stay !
we arrived in san fran from london in september and stayed 4 nights .
this hotel was perfect .
great location , right on union square .
friendly staff , lovely complimentary cookies and coffee in the morning .
comfy beds and a great foot massager to hire when you 're back from walking those hills ! ! would definitely recommend this hotel and would return if we come back to san francisco .
small but beautiful i stayed at the chancellor hotel last month and was delighted with the service and accommodation .
the rooms , although smaller than the usual american standard , were perfectly adequate and comfortable .
the staff were extremely helpful and the extras provided made our stay at the chancellor very memorable .
the coffee  cookies , on tap 24/7, is a great boost , along with the apples and popcorn .
i would certainly recommend this hotel , in fact i have been doing so back at work and to my friends .
if i go back to san francisco i will certainly be staying at the chancellor .
loved it !
as an australian from quiet adelaide who had not been to the usa before , i did not know quite what to expect .
i booked this hotel on the recommendation of other trip advisors . the chancellor hotel , was in a great location , had friendly staff and went out of their way to assist in all of our requests .
we had three rooms booked as there were six in our group .
all three rooms , while small and old , were clean and had everything we required .
the free apples , cookies , coffee and internet access were a nice touch .
their tour desk was helpful and booked several things for us quickly and efficiently - they sell stamps and postcards ( get the postcards down the street for 1/2 the price ) they even posted our postcards for us . for the price , service and location , i would definitely recommend the chancellor .
while there are beggars on the street nearby , they did not hassle us and i felt safe at all times , even late at night .
the street is busy , full of people , cheapish eateries and the cable car stop is directly outside the front door of the hotel .
the hotel staff recommended a great italian restuarant , so it 's worth asking their advice on where to eat .
the shopping in the area is great , with big brands and a huge westfield about 5 minutes down the street . it 's a hotel where they take an interest in their guests .
i would not hesitate to recommend it .
just a fantastic hotel booked up for 3 nights at the chancellor for the penultimate leg of our honeymoon fly drive .
and like most people we booked up on the strength of trip advisor , loving the fact that the almost legendary wes tyler takes time to answer his critics and tell it like it is ! location is superb - slap bang in the middle of town just off union square .
people have spoken about the noise - it was no louder than any other major city - and if you want quiet go to country retreat : we came to san francisco for the bustle !
having said that we had no bother sleeping - quite the opposite .
the beds are superb and the refurbed rooms very comfy . you want shopping ?
then union sq is on your doorstop and market st just 5 mins away .
the trams pass outside the front door and will take you to fishermans wharf where you can bike the golden gate .
a host of restaurants and bars all within 2 mins walking distance - you have to try the cheesecake factory on the top floor of macy 's - leave some room for desert ! the service here is brilliant - you can happily use the internet for nowt and even print off what you need too .
the front desk staff were both welcoming and helpful .
the bar was well stocked and the barman friendly but my only possibly gripe would be to keep it open longer !
i tried the breakfast at the restaurant and it was quality .
all in all mr wes i would say do not change anything .
this place has real charm , character and you cannot fault the service or location .
as for the price ?
bargain - cheapest hotel of our honeymoon and the one we enjoyed the most .
if you are planning to stay in san francisco then you must give this place a try !
we will return here some day !
my wife and i arrived here late saturday night 8th sept . . checked in and went to our room . we were celebrating our 30th wedding anniv .
whilst staying there and there was a bottle , chocolates and a gift of a photo frame , much appreciated . room was spotless and charming , older type of hotel maybe but as nice as we have stopped in anywhere . we would recommend this hotel to anyone and we will stay there again one day .
amazing hotel the chancellor is an excellent hotel and was a perfect place to start our honeymoon in usa .
the staff were amazing - so helpful and friendly and nothing was ever too much trouble . we booked our 3 night stay directly through wes the manager at the hotel and we requested a room with a view of union square .
we were given a beautiful re - modelled room on the 11th floor with a great view ! !
so thank you so much wes - our wish was granted !
also we were left a lovely honeymoon gift of a bottle of wine and personalised photo frame - what a lovely surprise . we had breakfast at the hotel 's own restaurant and it was absolutely lovely - great choice and generous servings !
we also treated ourselves to room service on our first morning which was perfect . we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting san francisco - superb location , friendly staff and a lovely welcoming home from home atmosphere - thank you so muchgemma running and samuel green 
best location , best place to stay and service i really did research before chossing the hotel to stay at sfo .
and when i finally decided to go with chancellor , the rooms were sold out .
so i called up the hotel directly and left my details to contact me .
they prompty called me back when they had a cancellation .
the customer service rep provided me with all teh details and i selected the one with parking .
off site parking is only a few yards away . (very
convienient ) .i checked in at around 12:45 midnight .
took me only just 5 mins . .that was awesome .
the room was really clean ( may be a bit small compared to other cities ) but i loved the place .
room service was excellenet . . . when i checked out , it didnt even take a minute . . . the hotel is located on powell street .
a great location .
i would definitely go back again to chancellor .
highly recommended my wife and i and our two teenage sons stayed at the chancellor for 5 nights in august , 2007.
we really enjoyed our stay and highly recommend the chancellor to other travelers .
foremost , the hotel offers excellent value for the price in terms of its terrific location .
we had connecting rooms on the 8th floor facing the front .
while the rooms are not large , they are very comfortable and nicely furnished .
the staff was consistently very helpful and the restaurant was great for breakfast .
the hotel also offers nice extras like coffee and cookies in the lobby , free newspapers , free wi - fi access , and complimentary access to a health club a block away .
the tour desk in the lobby is also very helpful .
the only issue to keep in mind is that the hotel does not have air conditioning and keeping windows open at night could be a problem for light sleepers .
we ended up closing our window overnight to cut down on the noise from the traffic below ( the cable car goes right by the hotel ) .
loved it all !
i just have to say that a lot of these reviews are bizarre !
checking in was easy and simple .
i flew in with my friend and check in was not until later but they put a rush on the room .
we went to grab breakfast and when we returned , the room was finished .
the room had a great view of union square .
the room was really beautiful and amazingly gorgeous .
it was clean , everything was great .
i ca not even describe how wonderful it was .
the furniture was amazing , dark and really great .
the bathroom was somewhat small but it fit our needs .
the closet was a large size and had a safe .
the hotel gave options of spa amenities that we could use .
they also gave the option of pillows from firm to softer and for legs , etc .
it was much more than i expected .
there is also a bar and a restaurant and a complimentary computer that you could use whenever .
the the two nights that we stayed there , it was comfortable and more than i really expected .
it 's near everything that we could have dreamed about .
it 's near the bars , shops , food , everything !
this hotel is amazing and really something true to the heart of san fran .
i wish that everyone stays here because it was worth more than i paid , honestly !
great location for shopping !
we stopped here for four nights on our honeymoon . this a small hotel but presented well .
the front desk staff were very welcoming and made an effort to treat us as valued customers .
as it was our honeymoon they had allocated us a very nice room , quite high up and freshly decorated .
the style of the room was very nice and the finish was excellent .
looking at the floor plan it was one of the biggest on the floor , however , had we been stopping any longer it may have started to feel too small but for a short stay it was fine . in the room we were greeted with sparkling wine and a souvenir photo frame which was a really nice surprise .
the rubber duck was a great quirky touch in the bathroom .
the free wi - fi was also a bonus and very useful . the location of this hotel is fantastic .
opposite sak 's , two minutes from macy 's and next to borders book shop ( great for a late night coffee and cake ) .we could hear very little street noise but we were quite high up .
there was no air con but the ceiling fan was fine . i would definitely use this hotel again .
highly recommended !
great location , very responsive staff and the price is right !
the room was not huge , ( although we did have a walk - in closet ) but it was very nice , with a great view of the sunrise .
we 've already booked a return stay in october .
great stay based on the reviews we read here on trip advisor we chose the chancellor hotel on union square for its location and the above average service .
they lived up to all their reviews .
the front desk staff , especially rory and mike , were outstanding .
the hotel is an older property , well maintained and clean .
the location is just great .
i highly recommend this hotel .
great place to stay we had booked into the chancellor for five nights from the 5th august .
i had emailed wes tyler requesting a room on a high floor overlooking union square and mentioned that it was my wife 's birthday on the 6th .
we were extremely pleased with the room we were given and my wife was very surprised and happy to receive a birthday card from the staff , together with a bottle of wine to celebrate and a gift of a photo frame .
fantastic service from wes and i would also like to say what good service we received from mao and sue . all together a wonderful experience at a great place to stay .
great staff , great hotel our 4 night stay at the chancellor was fantastic .
the entire staff could not be more friendly or helpful .
the location was great ; we had no trouble getting anywhere from here .
we did not shop much but for anyone looking for shopping this is an ideal location as well .
we had requested a quiet room and were given a room on the 15th floor in the back .
we never heard anything and so were well rested for each days adventure .
our room size was adequate and very clean . the staff was extremely helpful recommending restaurants , always had a smile and made us feel genuinely at home .
the cookies on the counter were much appreciated each day when we returned from a long day of sight - seeing , before getting ready for dinner . the chancellor came highly recommended on many travel sites and we now know why .
we would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it to others .
you will not be disappointed .
thank you to the staff for making our stay so enjoyable !
wonderful service i came to s . f . with my boyfriend - check in staff was attentive and friendly with advice .
got up to our room and was surprised to hear a knock at the door .
a hotel staffer came in and gave us a bottle of wine and two photo albums , compliments of the manager !
apparently my boyfriend e - mailed the hotel explaining our vacation , and asked for a room on a high floor if possible .
the attention and care we received far exceeded my expectations for such a low price for a hotel downtown in san francisco .
would definitely recommend to anyone visiting !
the elevator was slow , but its an old building so its to be expected , the service more than makes up for it ! !
excellent . . . . . .well done wes and staff we arrived after a long journey from ireland to a wonderful reception from the check in staff .
we were in room 905 with side on view of union square and newly refurbished - extremely comfortable room and the welcome note , chocs and wine were a really nice touch .
we cannot add too much more to previous reports , the hotel delivers on everything .
it has its own unique personality is so smoothly run that your stay is bound to be perfect but if you do have any queries/issues i am sure that wes and his staff will do whatever they can to resolve them .
really liked the little bar , just off reception .
alicia is a great bartender and is very friendly with a bright personality .
we had breakfast one morning - very good and room service one afternoon ( when the legs really needed a break ) , it arrived promptly was reasonably priced and very tasty .
if we were to return to san francisco ( and i do hope we will someday ) , we would definitely return to the chancellor - great location , great accommodation and great staff .
well done to you all .
the chancellor provided a magical start to our vacation !
after reading reviews on this site , we thankfully booked a room at the chancellor through roomrate . com .
by the positive interaction i had had with wes tyler , who is the hotel 's general manager , and his staff prior to our vacation , i was already certain we were going to have a wonderful stay at the hotel .
we rode bart from sfo to the powell st . station .
we had a bit of an uphill walk on very crowded sidewalks to get to the hotel but it wasn?? too bad . upon check in we were delighted to hear that we had been upgraded to a romance suite .
this was a wonderful start to an amazing vacation .
the lobby of the chancellor is very lovely .
be sure to check out the elaborate crown moldings .
the girl at check in was very welcoming and told us our room would be ready shortly .
the delicious cookies i had read about were awaiting us in the lobby so i used our extra time to try one out - yummy !
we also bought our muni passes right there in the lobby .
soon our room was ready and we rode up the elevator to room 1502.
i want to add here that contrary to some of the posts i had read , although our room was on the 15th floor , we never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for an elevator .
we were pleasantly surprised again by the chancellor with a wonderful collection of gifts including a lovely wooden picture frame , chocolates , champagne , glasses and a thoughtful card congratulating us on our 20th anniversary ( thanks wes ! ) .
we were so touched .
the suite was two adjoining rooms that seemed to have been two identical regular rooms at some point .
one had a sofa bed , two chairs , a desk , tv , and a full bath .
the other had a queen size bed , armoire , a 2nd tv , side tables and another full bath !
upon entering the room with the bed , we felt as if we had tiptoed into the twilight zone .
it was so bizarre ; the bed had our same croscill bedding that we have at home !
what are the chances ?
besides this , the print behind the bed is the exact one that i have in my living room here at home .
the armoire was also strikingly similar to ours .
i guess wes and staff really wanted to make us feel at home but i must say it was a little freaky !
it is an old hotel with lots of character .
i loved the enormous arched windows in both rooms as well as the crown moldings and walk in closet .
there were also hard candies and magazines provided in the room which was a nice touch .
both bathrooms had a slight step up to them as well as very deep bathtubs .
although the tubs had handrails , i could see where the bathrooms could be very difficult for anyone with mobility impairments .
the bathroom amenities included swabs , cotton balls , soaps , shampoo/conditioner ( bring your own if like me , you don?? like the mix ) , lotion , bath salts and an adorable rubber ducky ( the ducky can go home with you , i asked ! ) .
the hotel also offered free wireless service in the room which my husband was very happy about .
there was also free internet use in the lobby .
in addition to the cookies , there were apples , coffee and fresh hot popcorn provided each day .
there was also an extensive pillow menu that you could choose from with magnetic , snore stopping , bath and a variety of other pillows .
we found the ones on the bed so comfortable that we did not feel a need to try any others .
the bed was also quite comfortable .
between the armoire , nightstand tables and the deep closet , we had more than enough room to store our belongings .
there was also a safe in the room and a radio with an mp3 hook up .
in the bathroom , there was a spa item menu that you could rent items from .
everything had to be returned by 12:00 the next day .
there was a foot massager , bubble pad , a whirlpool machine and a variety of other items .
i rented the whirlpool machine for my aching legs but it did not seem to work very well , maybe because the tub is so deep .
i let the girt at the desk know this and although i did not ask for it to be done , i noticed i was not charged for it when i checked out . as we entered through the door of our room after exploring the city the first day , there was a strange intermittent blinking red light greeting us .
could it be that we had truly entered the twilight zone ?
as it turns out , there is a very large blinking neon sign for harry denton?? starlight room at the sir francis drake right outside our room !
we pulled the curtains shut which obliterated all but a slight twinkling rosy glow and fell asleep to the ding of the cable cars and the music of the night .
we did not find the light or the outside noise bothersome .
we did have the window closed every night but the ceiling fan provided sufficient cooling .
in case you do not already know , there is no air conditioning in the hotel !
the trolley does stop right outside the hotel , but during our summer stay it was very busy unless it was early in the morning .
there are many bus stops nearby and chinatown , nob hill and north beach are an easy ( although sometimes hilly ) walk .
there are also lots and lots and lots of stores withing walking distance .
we had a view of many of these as well as the square from our window . we did have the pleasure of meeting the celebrated wes tyler during our stay .
he was as nice in person as he seems to be in his responses in the tripadvisor forum .
there was a fire drill planned at the hotel later in the day and although he seemed busy , he still took the time to meet with us .
we thanked him for our spacious room and the thoughtful gifts that were left for us .
all of the staff at the hotel were very friendly and personable throughout our stay .
check out was very simply and quick too . if you are expecting a luxurious , modern , state of the art hotel you will probably be quite disappointed here .
if you are expecting abundant smiles and pleasant service , thoughtful ( and quacking ) amenities , wonderful architectural details in a historic building , and a fantastic location , your expectations will be exceeded !
service , service , service !
we read about chancellor on trip advisor and decided to give it a try .
sometimes boutique hotels do not meet the standards of their larger competitors , that is not necessarily the case here .
the chancellor has done an outstanding job of putting staff in place that understand customer service .
they were extremely helpful in all ways at all tmes . the chancellor has a lot of character .
it is an older hotel that has been maintained very well .
the rooms are not large , but they are adequate .
the one thing the hotel does not offer is air conditioning .
it would have been nice to know this since we arrived in a 'hot spell '.
but the front desk brought in a fan that worked very well and we slept comfortably .
our room had a large , wonderful closet so we did not have to trip over our bags .
the bathroom was snug , but certainly adequate .
they had a nice jacuzzi tub that was large and my wife thoroughly enjoyed .
the location is great , union square and the cable cars stop almost right in front of the hotel .
the outstanding characteristic of this hotel to us was the service .
the desk staff was friendly , very helpful and accomodating .
the cleanliness was certainly a reflection of the staff commitment as well . it is definitely worth staying here just to experience true service standards .
very satisfactory my wife and i enjoyed our stay at the chancellor .
the location is excellent .
very close to union square and thus a stone 's throw from all the sights .
also adjacent to a cable car line which can take you to fisherman 's wharf ( if a moment of madness seizes you ) .the staff at the hotel were very friendly , helpful and courteous .
we would thoroughly recommend a stay here .
perfect hotel to start our honeymoon we had the pleasure of starting our honeymoon at the chancellor hotel as part of our three centre west coast us visit to san francisco , los angeles and las vegas .
i chose the hotel as it was recommended by trailfinders who said their guests loved it , and despite extensive research on the net and tripadvisor i could not see another hotel i would prefer . we arrived at the hotel at 1.30 am after a nightmare 24 hour , 3 flight due to plane delays , journey from the uk (7 hours late ) .
after taking a minibus from the airport we checked in and were warmly welcomed , no queue due to lateness of the hour .
i had emailed the manager in advance and he had allocated us a high floor (14th ) room with a view of union square as requested .
a bottle of wine on ice and a lovely giftwrapped photograph frame were waiting for us due to this being our honeymoon .
i must be in the minority as i did not think our standard room was small at all , average and above average compared to many uk hotel rooms ( it was half as big again as the room we spent our wedding night in , in scotland , although i appreciate many us hotels have larger rooms ) and , given the massive walk - in cupboard with two luggage holders for storing our suitcases and hand luggage , i found the room spacious and not cramped at all .
nice sized bathroom with toiletries and bath salts as well as the renowned rubber duck !
i also chose from the pillow menu the next day .
i knew there was no air conditioning as it is listed against all the information you read about this hotel , e . g brochures , tripadvisor , net info and hotel website so it 's really not a surprise .
we found the ceiling fan to be sufficent in october .
we never had to wait long for a lift/elevator and i never noticed any shabbiness in the bedroom or public areas which other guests have remarked upon ( and our visit was some time ago before renovations ) .
maybe i am lax in choosing not to inspect every surface and drapery looking for minor flaws but i was on holiday and it all seemed ok to me . the location is spot on , right next to union square and 2 cable car routes .
it 's not far to walk to get onto the various bus routes either , susan at the tour desk told us the buses we needed to get to golden gate park for example .
she also booked our return transport to the airport .
we received two complimentary $5 cable car postcard passes on check in , but as we purchased the excellent value $18 3 day muni passes , we kept these as souvenirs .
i loved riding the cable cars for fun as well as for getting places .
we found the people very friendly and the city very cosmopolitan , i was surprised how much at home i felt .
had a lovely boat trip on the bay under the golden gate bridge and a separate ferry trip to alcatraz which is unmissable - make sure you get the audioguide tour .
an ex - inmate darwin coon was signing copies of his book on the day we visited alcatraz and answering questions - an unexpected bonus . the hotel does a nice breakfast and we used our 10% discount coupon given at check in for this .
we also had to visit sears fine foods next door given the high recommendations it receives but i found little difference between the two .
we also had a good value breakfast at lefty o 'doul 's two blocks away and enjoyed visiting this bar at night too .
met some very interesting people !
alicia at the bar at the chancellor was attentive and my husband had a few drinks here through our visit whilst waiting for me to get ready oh and to watch the sports on tv .
various complimentary foodstuffs and tea/coffee are available in the lobby although we never took advantage of these due to eating so well .
location wise we much preferred the city centre location as compared to fisherman 's wharf ( an easy cable car ride away ) , plus you can walk lots of places , chinatown is not far , and we used the buses , cable cars and streetcars to go further afield .
i had added san francisco to our trip after deciding against hawaii and it went from being our third choice city to first place .
i definitely left my heart in san francisco and ca not wait to go back .
and we will be very disappointed if we do not get a room at the chancellor .
loved loved loved the chancellor ! ! ! !
we stayed at the chancellor from june 18th through june 23rd .
i ca not say enough good things about this hotel .
the location is excellent - right in the heart of union square .
with a cable car stop right outside the door and buses within walking distance it is very easy to tour the city with the chancellor as your home base .
i loved the old world charm of the hotel .
yes , our room was not the biggest room i 've ever stayed in , but it was recently updated and really pretty .
the huge walk - in closet provided a nice place to store our suitcases , bags , etc , .
without cluttering up our bedroom/sitting area .
i especially loved the glass doorknob on the closet door .
it reminded me of my granny 's house when i was little .
the bathroom is small , true , but very efficient and ample for what needs doing in a bathroom .
the bed was very prettily made with a very cushy white comforterand was extremely comfortable .
the chancellor offers a pillow menu , but my pillows were great so i did not even consider changing them .
1103 is a corner room with a street view .
i know that some people have complained about the street noise , but personally found it added to the ambience of the city .
i loved going to sleep and waking up to the ding ding of the historic cable cars !
i also have to give kuddos to the staff of the chancellor .
they were all so helpful and friendly .
i enjoyed visiting with them very much .
they were also very helpful when i was deciding on the best possible mode of transportation to wherever i was headed to on a given day .
the free internet access in the lobby was a great way to stay in contact with home and i ate more than one delicious cookie that was available in the lobby every day .
in short the chancellor is a great place to stay while visiting san francisco ! ! ! ! !
stellar service at the chancellor when planning my trip to san francisco , i researched hotels for months .
i chose the chancellor because of location , price , and most importantly , the rave reviews on trip advisor .
not only was i not disappointed , i was totally blown away by the high level of service i received from the entire staff . this was my first time traveling a long distance alone with my 15- year - old daughter ( we 're from the east coast ) , and i was pretty anxious about the trip .
my daughter has type 1 diabetes and is insulin - dependent .
she is also a typical teenager .
having read about the small rooms , i was somewhat concerned that we would drive each other crazy .
i requested a quiet room on an upper floor and a refrigerator for my daughter 's insulin .
we were given a corner room on the 14th floor at the back of the hotel .
i found the room size to be perfectly fine .
it was very clean , bright , and not crowded at all .
as others have mentioned , the closet is very large .
we had room for all of our stuff , and knowing how changeable the sf weather can be , we brought enough clothes for a month - long stay !
the room was extremely quiet with the windows closed .
however , our location was perfect for leaving them open and enjoying the sounds of the city without being overwhelmed by the noise .
i ca not speak about thin walls because the room beside us was empty during our entire five - night stay . the central location is excellent .
we went all over the city and only used public transportation ( get a muni pass ! ) and foot power .
exploring sf this way really enhanced our experience . i cannot speak highly enough about the staff .
one incident will stand out for me forever .
the refrigerator in our room froze several cartridges of two types of insulin , and they could no longer be used .
my health insurance company refused to allow me to use a co - pay when replacing the insulin .
the total out - of - pocket cost was over $350!
i was very shaken and upset .
when i spoke to hotel staff , they immediately offered to buy the insulin for me .
a member of the desk staff , mike , walked with me to walgreens , waited with me while the prescriptions were filled , and paid the pharmacy for the insulin .
while we waited , he was very kind and reassuring .
he told me over and over that i should not worry about anything and should just enjoy my trip .
i am a single mom on a very tight budget .
this meant the world to me .
i will never forget that kindness .
i get teary - eyed just thinking about it . wes has stated over and over on trip advisor that if you need something , just ask .
my experience is proof that he means what he says .
i wish i could give the chancellor more than five stars because they earned it .
wes , i know you read all of the reviews here .
i wish i had met you in person .
my daughter and i had a wonderful experience at your incredible hotel !
a wonderful stay i had researched many hotels in sf but kept coming back to this one and i am glad i did .
it was a perfect stay in a perfect city .
my room arrangements had changed and the reception staff had no hesitation about changing my room which was done immediately on checkin ( which was earlier than noted time ) .
the tourist information was informative and friendly .
my room was very comfortable and at the rear of the building so was very quiet .
bath products were heavenly and i just loved the little duck smiling at me every morning .
beds were comfy and room was a good size .
of course the location is superb , close to shops , transport , and theatre around corner ( jersey boys was excellent if you get a chance to see it ) .
free internet at reception .
iam sure i will be back again .
you cant go wrong with the chancellor .
absolutely loved the chancellor !
my family stayed in a suite at the chancellor june 5-9th and had an absolutely wonderful time .
when we go to san francisco , the chancellor is always our first choice because the staff and management go so far above and beyond to make our stay pleasant and memorable .
the staff are extremely nice and helpful , the hotel has lots of character and charm , really comfy beds , an extensive pillow menu , fantastic cookies anytime you want them ( the white chocolate macadamia are to die for ! ) , complimentary rubber duckies for the tub ( one of those old fashioned deep tubs that is perfect for a long soak after walking in san francisco all day ) , the cable car stops almost at the door and the hotel has a union square location that absolutely ca not be beat !
i never would have believed that we could afford a hotel in san francisco that is this wonderful - i 'm ready to start planning our next trip !
the perfect choice just returned from usa where the chancellor was my first stop .
i booked the hotel based on reviews on this website and my own research .
have stayed in many different types of hotels around the world , so knew what european boutique was . was given a room on 13th floor at the back of hotel when i checked in ( had made no special request ) .
was exactly as i expected and was not disappointed .
yes bathroom was small but you do not spend your holiday in the bathroom .
loved the baseball rubber ducky and the jars of sweets .
all staff i dealt with were very helpful and accomodating .
the coffee and biscuits a welcome treat after a long day .
the free pc/internet access at the main desk was an added and very welcome bonus for an international traveller . location is excellent .
if you stay in sf for a few days , check out the muni pass .
saved lots of money using it on cable cars and street cars . had a great stay in sf and the chancellor was the cherry on top .
the chancellor is an excellent value - -ca not be beat  we stayed at the chancellor last week for four nights .
the hotel was everything i expected it to be .
we were fortunate enough to get a model room on the 10th floor .
yes , the rooms are small , but this room was very cozy , with a big walk - in closet and a great bathtub .
the bed was to die for .
i 've had a two - level spinal fusion so a comfortable bed is a crucial thing for me .
this bed was the best hotel bed i 've ever slept in , even considering high end hotels .
it was soft , but not too squishy .
nice linens too .
again , keep in mind this was a model room .
room 1000 to be exact .
great staff , good breakfast , nice little bar .
great rate of $109 per night .
we did not hear a thing thru the walls in our room .
and yes , you can hear the street noise , but we enjoyed the ambient noise of the clang clang clang goes the trolley , ring ring ring goes the bell .
after all , you wo not hear that noise in any other city in the world .
wes tyler the general manager was a pleasure to deal with .
we are recommending the chancellor to everyone we know . it 's a great value .
do not miss it if in san fran !
enjoying the chancellor as i write this i am staying at the hotel right now and i must say everything is right on as far as the reviews .
the location ca not be beat and so far the staff has been very nice .
i told them it was my anniversary and in my room waiting for us was a nice bottle of wine with a note congratulating us on our anniversary .
yes the rooms are small but it adds a certain charm you do not get at your typical cookie cutter hotels .
for those of you looking to stay at a nice clean hotel at a fair price in an incredible location , then the chancellor is the perfect choice .
thouroughly enjoyed our stay we stayed 5 days at the chancellor after arriving at the oakland airport at 11:00pm at night .
due to the late arrival and that we were travelling with an 18month old , we took a taxi straight to the hotel , which was probably the best option at that time .
the taxi did not have a car seat and we did not travel with one , but it is up to the parent to choose to travel as such on vehicles like buses/trolleys/taxis .
the taxi was a small suv style and the driver was conscientious .
the hotel staff was always professional and helpful .
they were able to accomodate a small fridge for our son 's food/milk even at the late hour of arrival (12:30am ) .
we only ate at the hotel restaurant one morning but the food was good and the staff was very nice .
susan at the tour desk was always helpful with info and booked a muir woods/sausolito tour for us along with a rental car reservation for later in the week .
the hotel location was excellent with the trolley being right outside .
the rental car facility was about 3 blocks away .
they picked us up at the hotel , but we returned from napa valley late , so i parked it in the garage above the rental facilty and walked back over in the morning to return the car .
we enjoyed san francisco very much .
i recommend if you do the muir/sausolito tour and want to stay longer in sausolito , just stay and take the ferry back to san fran .
in addition , we toured napa and sonoma and afterward drove straight west and came down the coast .
this added a few hours to our return time , but if your not prone to car sickness it is definitely worth it .
on our last day , we had a midnight flight out , so we left our luggage with the front desk for our last day of sightseeing .
on our return to the hotel , we decided to take the bart to oakland airport even with our little one and 4 pieces of luggage .
matt at the front desk took the extra time to help us with our luggage to the station , which was a huge help , and we had a nice inexpensive trip to the airport on the bart and air bart . we would definitely stay at the chancellor again .
enjoyed our stay on a college visit to the bay area we stayed at the chancellor for an evening after reading the reviews on tripadvisor .
the reviews had been overwhelmingly favorable , and we agree .
the desk staff was extremely helpful and friendly , while the room was pleasant and cozy ( small ) , which was absolutely fine , as our primary criteria for selecting the chancellor were price and location , and on those counts we could not be more pleased .
the pluses have been noted , while a minus would be the rather thin walls , so hope for quiet neighbors .
great restaurant ( sears ) next door .
lovely hotel at a fabulous location we booked this hotel for our 2- day 3- nights weekend vacation in san francisco after reading many positive reviews of it .
and , we are extremely happy that we did it .
first , the location of the hotel is as good as it gets .
there is a shuttle bus running around the clock door - to - door from the airport to the hotel .
the cable cars run right outside of the hotel , so we could hop on one randomly as we walk .
although we were strangers to the city , we found it absolutely painless to do our visits using public transportations because everything is nearby .
we took bart to berkeley and used muni around the city .
we also found ourselves right in the center of a shopping and restaurant haven .
we were able to find vegetarian or vegetarian - friendly places with fabulous food ( such as asia sf , golden era , both of which are highly ranked on tripadvisor ) all within walking distance .
and , we were thrilled to find that even china town was only 3 blocks away .
we made a pretty aggressive to - do list for the trip , and we were surprisingly happy to see that we got to do them all , because we did not lose any time on transportation .
second , like a lot of others said , although the room is small , it is clean , lovely , and extremely quiet .
at the end of the day , nothing beats a peaceful good sleep .
overall , we feel it 's really worth every penny we paid , and we definitely will book it again when we visit san francisco again 
