loved this little hotel my daughter jess and i stayed at this hotel from 13th to 17th november 2008 to celebrate her 15th birthday and we both had a great time .
like others say it is exceptionally quiet considering you are only steps away from times square .
when we arrived we were met with chocolates and champagne in our room - all complimentary - they had picked up on the fact it was jess 's birthday which made her feel really special .
i had no issues with any of the staff - they were all professional and polite and very helpful .
if jess was younger this would not be the place i would choose - it 's not geared up for young children but it is ideal for couples/groups of friends/people with older families .
the cheese and wine night and breakfast encourage you to meet new people and get chatting - we met some lovely people there - hi jerry and mia and the lovely nurse and her lovely friend who so bravely fosters the girls ! !i would go back again without hesitation and i can be picky ! !
great - - but not flawless the casablanca is in a wonderful location , and is truly an oasis next to the chaos of times square .
it 's easy to get around in manhattan , and the hotel is somewhat centrally located for the major sites .
the decor is nicely done , and everything was clean .
ricks cafe was a great place to relax .
but room selection is key .
initally , we ended up in a room on 43rd street , which was too noisy for me ( but not my roommate ) .
we moved to a room in the back of the hotel .
things were quieter , but our window and ac unit looked out on vents from nearby restaurants , and the room had an odor of food .
another party spending the time with us stayed in a more central room (311) .
though they had a full - size bed instead of a queen size , their window and ac looked out on a courtyard adjoining ricks , and they did not have a problem with noise or odor .
i would definitely stay at the casablanca again , but only if i could get a room such as 311 or 411, for example .
the front desk staff was very helpful and responsive .
there were issues of slow drains , but that seems to be a common problem in hotels .
a good value for the money , especially if you can get a room such as 311 or 411.
nice hotel - with a few faults i chose the casablanca from the good reviews on this site .
my british in - laws had never been to new york and we thought what better way to do it than place them in the middle of it in times square .
overall , we had a good stay with a few notable exceptions : 1) the pull out bed in our suite was absolutely atrocious .
the middle sagged so much that with two people in the bed , you would both slide into a crevice .
those mattresses need to be changed asap !
why advertise a suite with a pull out bed when this pull out bed is so useless ?
of course , we could not move since the hotel was sold out .
2) the so - called free wireless '' never worked .
we were told to call the it department and were on the phone with this person for 45 mins and in the end it never worked .
i kept calling the front desk and they said it was a problem in the entire building - from the reviews here , it seems the wireless rarely works .
3) yes , there is a computer you can use in the lounge but there always seemed to be someone on it , so when you needed to check on an address or something , you could not .
there should be a posted sign about a 20 minute maximum , especially when others need to use the computer .
the good things :1) great breakfast ( as long as you do not need a huge american style spread ) and hot drinks always available ( and daily newspapers ) 2) nice wine  cheese in the evening .
so what if its not expensive wines , it was still a nice touch3) central location for touristy things , many subway stops and places to see within walking distance 
fantastic hotel with amazing staff could not speak more highly of this hotel .
it is in a great location but once inside you woul not know times square was so close by .
after travelling the world for 6 weeks we would rate the staff here and the davanzati in florence equal best !
they were so friendly and helpful .
i hurt my back while staying here , and they were exceptionaly caring .
the only problem we had was our first room , although very big , was noisy at night as it faced the street .
we asked to be moved after 2 nights , and we were moved to a much quieter , although smaller and darker room at the back of the hotel .
this really did not matter though as you really only spend the night in the room and sleep is most important !
breakfast was satisfactory and happy hour is a nice touch .
next time would get a cab from the airport ( as they have a set price ) rather than the shuttle which felt unsafe with too much luggage and no barrier between passengers and luggage !
would definetely return here .
great location we had a great experience at the casablanca .
we arrived early and our room was ready .
the staff is very friendly and helpful .
the casablanca is only a block from times square and is fairly priced for the accomodations .
we were able to walk to dinner and our play .
the staff member who helped us with directions to the statue of liberty was very specific which was great as we had never used the subway system before .
we would definitely stay there again .
great stay at great hotel it was a great relief for us everyday after we been walking up and down on the streets of ny to come back to this nice hotel .
located right at the center of everything and still so quiet when you get inside .
nice rooms , friendly staff and the complementary wine and cheesebuf?t between 5 and 8 pm made our stay perfect . the swedish couple in room 608 
thanks casablanca casablanca is a really nice hotel and much better than most that new york has to offer . the staff were really excellent and sincere in their efforts to make our stay as good as it could be . a special mention to the concierge who got us an evening table at gramercy tavern at very short notice .
thanks again . the room suffered slightly from noise from adjacent rooftop air con units but was otherwise a good size ( for new york ) .
location is great if you are after times square but there are plenty of other sites in easy walking distance and the subway gives you easy access to the rest of the city . basically this place represents better value than most places in new york and the staff are top rate .
oasis near times square ! an excellent hotel although our bedroom was a bit on the small side but the bed was very comfortable .
it would have been even better if there was a bar there , although the cheese and wine each evening helped to make up for that disappointment - it made for a very relaxing start to each evening .
all of the staff were extremely helpful and friendly .
the whole hotel was very clean .
i was expecting some form of hot breakfast as opposed to entirely continental but apart from that we did enjoy the breakfasts and the hot chocolate or coffees late at night when we returned !
we would defintely stay there again .
great location !
great little hotel right in the middle of times square ! things we liked . . . . location , friendly staff , comfy bed , clean room  bathroom , continental breakfast , free wine  cheese in the evenings , free computer  intenet access in the lounge area , powerful shower , and all other things you 'd hope for  expect . things we did not like . . . . quite noisy , but if you want to be in the middle of new york then it 's tough luck i suppose ! ? also we were quite annoyed at the fire alarms going off in the middle of the night .
( false alarms ) .
they went off 2 nights of the 4 that we were there .
the second night it went off , it lasted 30 mins ! !
this was at 1am !
not what we needed really .
i imagine this was a very unusual occurence though .
perfect location as previously stated by many other visitors , this was a lovely hotel in the middle of manhatten .
only problem we experienced was the noise as our room was on the front , so avoid these if you can ! breakfast and wine and cheese - nice touch , and very much appreciated after sight seeing manhatten !
would definitely recommend this hotel .
very humphrey bogart as described by many others , this is a lovely , if a little kitsch - y , hotel ( faux marrocco ) with nice attention to details .
the decor does feel more movie set than kasbah but . . . still charming .
there is easy access to computer/internet in the lounge , to snacks and drinks .
complimentary breakfast was plentiful and good .
the room was very very small ; i probably booked the smallest possible size .
it was a little claustrophobia inducing for one and would have been difficult for two .
great find i have stayed at the casablanca several times over the past three years .
i have found it comfortable , convenient and courtious .
i enjoy the commons room on teh second floor and find the availability of all day refreshment a pleasant change from the larger hotels inteh city . i give it a very strong recomendation .
good but not #1 in my opinion this is a good hotel and i would recommend it to friends , but i am surprised it is #1 on trip advisor 's new york hotel reviews ( at the time of writing ) .
the room we stayed in was very small ( we stayed in a deluxe room on the 5th floor ) , but very well done ( good use of space ) , very clean and very quiet despite the times square location .
the complimentary breakfast is a great added bonus as is the evening cheese and wine reception , but at well over $400 per night for a basic room , i would suggest the 'bonus ' is bought and paid for by guests .
the outdoor terrace adjoining the breakfast room is also a lovely addition to the hotel ( good for smokers ! ) . the staff were all very friendly and helpful and the hotel is in a great location . all in all a good hotel .
if ya gotta stay in times square i had a friend coming in from australia and he wanted to stay in times square so we grabbed a fairly nice rate in the casablanca ( $299) .
there is basically no lobby on the first floor , but who wants one on times square ?
the rooms are variable in size , and all have ceiling fans and morrocan style furnishings .
i like the ease of the window air conditioners and enjoyed a quiet room on the airshaft with windows i could open with no issues .
rick 's is the breakfast and drinks room on the second floor and it is comfortable and friendly with flat screen tv 's and free wine and beer each afternoon .
the best thing about the place is the staff .
they are always available , helpful , and pleasant .
they all speak english and seem to enjoy their jobs .
the guys at the desk helped us get limos and got us a room for part of day so we could check out in the evening . there is a disney - esque feel to the place , but the staff and quirky rooms make it feel authentic .
it is literally steps from times square but an oasis of calm .
good experience the number one ranking on tripadvisor might be a little misleading .
it 's not the greatest hotel in new york .
but , for cost and location , it is a great hotel in which to stay .
my wife loved the sheets , and i admit , they are pretty comfortable .
the rooms are not the biggest , but they 're not cramped either .
the dvd player is a nice amenity as well .
the best part of our stay was the breakfast in the morning and the cheese and wine time in the evening .
that is nice to have as part of the cost .
for those travelers who plan on being busy and wo not be spending much time in the hotel , you may want to stay somewhere cheaper , because this hotel is best for those who plan on taking it easy and enjoying the experience of staying in a nice hotel more than the experience of being in the city .
we had no problems with the staff .
they were all helpful and friendly .
they held our bags until check - in , hailed a cab to the airport , etc .
i would not feel bad recommending this hotel to anyone .
we loved the casablanca we simply loved the casablanca .
the room was small but we expected that in nyc .
it was very quiet , very clean and very central to everything .
times square was just steps away and bryant park was not quite 2 blocks away .
we loved bryant park !
what an oasis in the middle of the chaotic times square area . the staff at the casablanca could not help you enough .
we were always greeted both coming and going .
the compliementary breakfast and wine and cheese were excellent .
we loved to come back to the hotel in the late afternoon and unwind in rick 's cafe before heading out again for the evening . if we go back to nyc we will definitely stay at the casablanca !
pricey , but in nyc worth it . . .
i usually do not spend $280/night on a hotel room , but after reading reviews and looking at pictures of less expensive hotels in nyc i was determined not to spoil my vacation by staying at a 'dumpy ' hotel .
hotel casablanca delivered on the promise .
it is very central and close to the action , surprisingly quiet for its location , and nicely appointed .
i was pleasantly surprised to find that its cafe '/lounge dispensed free coffee , lattes and cappuccino all day long , and an additional treat of free pre - dinner wine and cheese buffets on a daily basis . the staff is very pleasant and tries to be helpful .
my room was appointed with the standard amenities one would expect to find in this hotel category , with bath robe and slippers , etc .
it was unfortunately quite small and dark , as it faced a narrow internal courtyard , but this likely spared me from the street commotion so i ca not complain . overall a good experience , if you can afford to shell out upwards of $280/day .
beautiiful  this clean b  b property is located just steps from times square .
beautifully and tastefully decorated , friendly and helpful front desk staff with a quiet environment .
beautiful public spaces provide wireless service .
the self - serve breakfast was disappointing as to variety , quantity and presentation and not comparable to other b  bs in other parts of the world of similar accommodation standard .
essentially , the breakfast was not appropriate for the elegance of the hotel .
considering the disappointing breakfast and the minimal square footage of the room the tariff is a bit pricey .
apparently the owner feels that proximity to times square is worth the 5- star prices for a 4- star property .
excellent bathroom .
if being over - priced by about 15% is not a concern then this is the place to stay in manhattan .
what does one say . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . everything has been said , a gem of a hotel , with the best staff you could wish to find , the lounge area is a must , yes the free breakfast , and help your self refreshments go down a treat , the cheese and wine , is a great way to unwind after a hectic day , the location is fantastic , just a few steps off times square .
the guys on reception go out of the way to help . . . . . . . they are the best .
now for the bedroom , we were shown 2, one over looking the street , and one inside , we opted for the second , as we thought it may be quieter there , plus it was slightly larger .
i must say that both rooms were of high standard , but sadly the second was right next to the elevator . . . if you are a lite sleeper . . . try to avoid these rooms , i found the queen size bed small to european standards , plus the window looked out on what i guess are ventalation units , either from the hotel or a restaurant . , having booked 8 months prior , i was a bit unhappy with the room .
yes we could have been moved the next day , but we stayed but . would i visit again , yes i would . . . .this hotel is special . . . but i would sort out the room at the time of booking .
** great hotel ** my boyfriend and i stayed at the hotel between 15th and the 23rd jan 2007.
i booked this hotel mainly due to the reviews on this site , so felt i should leave a review . this was our 4th trip and we usually use a different hotel every trip .
not anymore ! this hotel is very good value for money , having the option of breakfast is great .
it cuts down on wasted time trying to find a dinner and is great value .
the choices were fruit , yougart , bagels , muffins and cerials .
the only negitive point is that we found it very hard to get a seat during the weekend and felt the hotel should provide more seats at this busy time .
** might i add that the girls who work in the hotel cafe are brilliant , very friendly and wont allow you to lift a finger . i was unsure about the wine and cheese receptions , we are in our mid 20's and didnt know what the age range would be , however it was great and with good quality drinks and help when i was getting ready for night out ! the bedrooms were fine and came wih everything you could need .
my only problem was that i felt the beds were uncomfortable , but each to their own i suppose . the room and bathroom was kept very clean by daily maid service . the reception staff were great , very friendly and helpful .
i will deff use this hotel again and am considering it for my return shopping trip with my friend later this year in september . hope this helps any future hoildays !
a great hotel i was hoping to give the wonderful casablanca an excellent rating .
however as explained below i do feel let down , we stayed for three nights prior to joining our caribbean cruise out of new york .
we were due to stay another night upon our return which co - incided with the weekend of the ny marathon . when we returned from our cruise and went to check in apparently our second reservation was not in their system and no room was available .
to their credit they quickly found us a room at one of their sister properties which was not too far away but not as close to times square .
that was disappointing as we had restaurant and theatre bookings for the saturday evening .
i had exchanged e - mails with the hotel only a week or two before we left regarding a transfer back to the airport .
therefore i do just wonder whether this was a deliberate ploy to maximise occupancy across this small chain of hotels .
there is a similar story from another post around last christmas . all that said our three day stay was just great .
the room was a reasonable size as was the bathroom .
we were situated at the back of the hotel and had no view but you do not go to new york to look at the view , you go to walk !
the room was clean and well equipped .
the staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful .
the buffet breakfast was more than adequate .
a useful tip , to get a nicer coffee than that obtained from the flasks , make yourself an expresso in a mug from the machine and top it up with the hot water button . the evening wine and cheese reception was also good and saved the price of a pre - dinner drink ! this is a well run friendly small hotel very well situated for tourists to new york . highly recommended but double check your booking !
very good smart comfortable very well located small hotel .
quiet ( ish ) despite times square just arround the corner .
snacks and wine went down well .
nice lounge and breakfast .
free internet .
great staff .
our room was a good size but it may have been luck/upgrade .
good value .
casablanca - a great little find i have stayed in varying hotels in nyc over the past 6 years and this has to rate as the best .
small rooms , ( at least the one i had ) but clean and comfortable .
i was there during a heat wave and the airconditioner in the room struggled , but apart from that the room was good . friendly staff and the continental breakfast and afternoon drinks were a bonus .
the italian restaurnat next door was great too . i do not normally like staying so close to times square , but this did not seem like it . garyperth , australia 
very good , but . . . i 'm not really disagreeing with the bulk of the positive comments here - the casablanca has much to its credit .
the staff were very courteous , and the hotel is very comfortable and accomodating .
it is located a mere 20 yeards from times sq . , but you would never know it - its very quiet , both the public rooms and the bedrooms .
the bedrooms were one of my only a couple of slight negatives .
the room was very small - about 12 by 10 with the corridor right by your bed head .
bathroom is small , and ours had no full size bath .
it was nicely decorated , and relatively comfortable but exceptionally dark - given that the room faced into the courtyard .
the 'free ' continental breakfast and cheese and wine evenings are nicely done and very welcome , although several ladies of an age who should know better made a bit of a nuisance of themselves the two nights we were in .
my only other negative was the price - once taxes are added it was around $325 a night , nearly ?200.
i know hotels are expensive in nyc but this was on the high side of average .
all in all positive review , quiet , relaxed and comfortable hotel .
comfortable , close to everything , loved it we just returned from 5 nights at the casa blanca and loved every minute of it .
the staff was very helpful and friendly .
very professional , yet easy to talk to and get information on where to go and how to get there .
as has been said in other reviews , it is so close to the action of times square .
it is very quiet when inside and you would not know that all of the noise is just outside . comfortable room , not sure why some people have said the bathroom was small .
bigger than one i have at home .
right around the corner from the good morning america set .
close to tkts booth for broadway show tickets at a discount .
we found the location to be especially helpful because we arrived the day before the transit strike .
we got one day on the subway and then walked everywhere the rest of the week .
the breakfast was a great deal and saved time for us .
we never ate breakfast anywhere else .
it was nice to have coffee and snacks at any time of the day .
we would stay here again in a heartbeat .
a great stay at the casablanca stayed for 7 nights with my wife and daughter as part of a round the world trip .
chose the hotel after a lot of research and the positive reviews in tripadvisor and we were not at all disappointed .
a quiet , personal , boutique hotel right in the heart of new york !
the only minor hiccup was that , when we booked in ( late at night ) , our 2 rooms were on different floors even though i had specifically requested for them to be together .
when i pointed this out to reception they said they were pretty full and it was hard to meet our request .
i said that i had booked the room months before and , as soon as we got to our room , the manager phoned , apologized and said it would be fixed up the next morning ( which it was ) .
the staff were excellent and the front desk was always very cheerful and helpful and gave us excellent recommendations for local restaurants .
the free breakfasts were basic ( no hot food ) but good enough to get the day off to a great start and the all day snacks and coffee plus the evening drinks and cheese were an excellent break to the bustle of new york .
have absolutely no complaints about the rooms ? ? smallish , as you would expect in most cities , but not an issue for us , and the location was excellent ? ? a few steps from times square but in a reasonably quiet street .
a great place to stay and would highly recommend it .
very nice . . . . . .
we booked the casablanca for a weekend primarily due to its location and the good reviews on trip advisor .
we had a queen room ( $209 and $225) . . . nice size for nyc and very clean .
very nice lounge on 2nd floor for free breakfast and evening wine and cheese . . . along with piano music on friday night .
nice to have quiet lounge on 2nd floor so incoming/outgoing guests are on 1st floor . front desk staff very helpful .
we had street - side room (403) and did not find it too noisy except for the infrequent sirens .
great service and location stayed 5 nights over the leap year 2004 for 5 nights .
very impressed with this hotel .
the best feature was the standard of service by the staff , very welcoming and gave some great recommendations for food - eg ruby foos .
the location was excellent and the italian next door was excellent and very cheap , convient when jetlagged etc .
the lounge with complimentary wine was great and even after a night out , you can help yourself to a cappacino and an oreo cookie or two . . . .
only downside the size of the room/bathroom - but from what i understand that is usual in nyc .
highly recommend this hotel 
great place to stay we just spent 4 nights at the casa and enjoyed it very much .
the staff are all very friendly and accommodating .
the breakfast was a good time saver and the 2nd floor lounge handy for relaxing out of the room .
the best part . . . free wine after a busy day of walking about .
the rooms are nice too !
thank you all for a fabulous stay ! ! !
super little hotel in super spot my husband and i stayed here for 3 nights in december before returning to nz . this hotel was in a fabulous location - right on union square and the trams went right past the door ! the room was a bit on the small side but it had everything we needed and was clean . the staff on the front desk were very helpful as was the lady who organised our taxi to take us to the airport . we would definitely stay here again .
there is a borders next door and a walgreens in the same block .
the hotel restaurant does a good breakfast . i recommend hiring a bike down at fisherman 's wharf and cycling over the golden gate bridge down to sausalito - and get the ferry back past alcatraz ! also a great little bistro we found on the powell - hyde tram line called 1550 hyde in hyde st . www .1550hyde . com .
delicious food and nice atmosphere .
fantastic location - right on union square fantastic location , right on union square and the cable car route .
do not stay here if you are expecting facilities - gym etc - but the room was clean and comfortable , although the bathroom was very small .
free internet in the lobby and a tourist booth too .
very convenient - would certainly stay here again .
ideal location booked as part of a road trip , we arrived by car and had valet parking , although slightly more than parking ourselves it was well worth the extra to just unload and get our room . friendly front of house staff informed us about the free cookies , fruit etc in lobby and our cases were taken up to our room .
rooms are clean , and have all the necessities , including free wifi .
some have mentioned size as an issue , but coming from the u . k . we felt it was good for a boutique hotel in a city .
bathrooms are old fashioned ( vintage ! ) but the deep baths are fab to soak in . dinner at sears next door recommended .
one point to mention was the really informative and helpful female bartender - a font of knowledge about bars and eating in the area .
will visit again .
well placed hotel we booked this hotel , as a direct result of reading trip advisor .
we were not disappointed , we asked for a quiet room on a higher floor and that it is precisely what we got .
ok , there was no view , but we could here the cable cars ( we had our window open ) , which gave a good ambience .
yes the rooms are small - not unlike many european city hotels - no problem .
all staff were pleasant  helpful . for breakfast we went to lori 's dinner on mason st - but there are numerous other places .
would stay here again location very handy - espec if like shopping !
macys 2mins away - and if you go there make sure you eat in the cheesefactory on the top floor .
hotel room small but cute and clean .
our room on street front so bit noisy and rooms are not soundproof so sometimes could hear our neighbours .
would def stay here again but would ask for a room not looking out onto busy street .
free coffee and cookies in lobby too which was nice .
great stay chancellor hotel is in a great location , in amongst all the shops of union square and not far from the bart powell st stop .
the hotel had loads of character and we had a great time staying there .
the rooms look like they had been recently renovated , and were clean and spacious .
we loved the free lollies in the room , which were re - filled everyday !
we saw the popcorn and coffee in the lobby , but did not realise they were free til now ! ! probably a good thing , because we ate far to much - the food is fantasic in san francisco .
the staff were like the hotel , full of character and some quite quirky , but all very willing to help .
we would definitely stay there again .
wonderful hotel in union square this was a great hotel .
i traveled with my mother for a week long workshop in the area and just needed a decent place to stay for a decent price ( hard to find in san francisco ) .
this place was much better than decent !
the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful , the food in the restaurant ( we only ate breakfast there ) was delicious , and the rooms were very tidy , tastfully decorated , and had everything we needed - and even brought us a mini fridge upon request .
the rooms were a quite a bit smaller than others i stayed in but it did not bother us one bit .
i would highly recommend this hotel also for location !
you are right in union square which has plenty of shops and restaurants as well as cable car rides and museums .
great hotel !
great stay great location within walking distance of just about anything you 'd like to see .
the staff at the front desk when checking in were very helpful and pleasant and asnwered any questions we may have had . the room was quite nice and well decorated and was not as small as other reviews have made them seem .
the battender in the evening was terrific and was very personable .
the only negatives about the stay was the painting that was going on in the rooms next to ours on the top floor you could smell it entering and leaving the room .
and on checkout we were not asked how our stay was . .if we had been i would have mentioned it .
great value we stayed here for 2 nights at the end of our cruise to panama canal and s . america .
we arrived from our ship before normal check - in time but the girl on the desk was very accomodating and asked us to hold on for a few minutes and she would sort our room out .
within 5-10mns we had checked in to our room ! yes it was rather small but that was no problem to us , we were used to inside cabins on the ship !
it was very clean and comfortable looking .
the only problem was it was rather warm in the room , just for reference we were not there in the 'heatwave ', the outside temp was very cool for that time of year .
we could not understand where the heat was coming from as there was no heat coming out of the radiators ?
the roof fan did help to cool it slightly as it was too noisy outside to leave the window open .
the view of union sq was good from our room .
the complimentary wine and jar of sweets in the room was a nice touch as was free coffee , cookies etc in the lobby .
it was handy having a tour desk in the hotel , we booked a city tour .
the staff were all very helpful regarding tips for eating out etc .
the position of the hotel was very handy to the shopping and eating out etc but we were very disconcerted with the vagrants that hung around the hotel and union square at night begging etc .
i reckon san fran needs some zero tolerance like ny did a few years back .
we saw a tourist practically knocked over by one man who got so close to him rather robustly begging .
all in all i would recommend this hotel for it 's good value for money , staff attention and location .
cute ! cute hotel , great service and price .
we were in san francisco for one night and this was a great place to see the city .
walking distance to restaurants and right on the cable car line .
parking was a tad painful at $35 for valet but this is not unusual for the city .
h i g h l y recommended my partner and i stayed at the the chancellor hotel on union square from 6/30/07 to 7/4/07.
it was our first time in san francisco and the staff was excellent .
you cannot beat the location as it is centrally locating to everything .
will definitely consider it for our next trip to san francisco .
value for money in sf we decided to book the chancellor based on the many good reviews we read on tripadvisor and , we must say , we??e been guided very well as usual !
we found the hotel very comfortable , we stayed at a 14th floor room , and we haven?? been disturbed from road noises , although powell is very central and a cable car street .
the room dimension was more than enough for our needs , very comfortable beds , with a wide choice of pillows on request .
the temperature in the room was quite ok , and not hot as it happens in many hotels .
enough tv channels , the wi - fi connection worked perfectly .
we liked the room design , the hotel in general is old style and charming , but with all of the comforts you may need .
the bathroom was a bit small , and wc position a little bit cramped , but that did not represent too much of a problem .
the personnel of the hotel was very kind and helpful when needed . in general , and if you consider the extremely central location , this hotel is value for money , and when we will be back to sf , for sure we will sleep there .
its all in the details well its been said many a time but the location of this hotel makes it a winner , and the price is fab but its all the extra touches that give it an addtional edge the pillow menu , sweetie jar in room , umbrella to use ( we didn?t need luckily ! , free cookies , tea and coffee in lobby , they also laid on addtional breakfast items xmas day as the restaurant was closed , helpful friendly staff also contibute greatly to the winning package . if i had to be picky ( i work in the travel industry for a tour operator and part of my job is checking over properties before people arrive ) the t . v reception was poor and the internet did not work in the room also i would have liked a fridge in the room .
our room was comfortable and warm with a great view of union square but i heard some guests were cold in the non south facing rooms .
so i?d suggest requesting one when you book .
we had some kind of storage cupboard next to our room too which was noisy early in morning with staff banging aboutthese are minor things however and i would definately return and highly recommend to otherssan francisco is a great city and this is a wonderful base 
pleasant stay old fashioned hospitality in a perfectly maintained hotel , at a great price , in a top notch area !
the employees at this hotel are friendly , helpful and welcoming .
plus the hotel is attractive and clean .
the manager should give himself a pat on the back as he obviously knows his job and does it well .
our room looked just like the web site .
starched white bedding against a nice green wall .
looking out our window we could see beautiful union square all decked out for christmas .
the elevator worked and was never overly busy .
the free coffee in the lobby was better than the diner 's next door . . . and always available ( along with cookies and daily newspapers ) .
the free internet in the lobby was helpful as were the people at the front desk who seemed glad to help you find restaurants etc .
we didnt eat breakfast at the hotel 's restaurant because so many tripadvisors raved about sears which is next door . . . so wanted to try that . . . but saw a very intersting specials board when we got back , and wished we had eaten there instead .
the hotel gave us free cable car tickets which we used to go to fishermans wharf where we took a boat to alcatraz .
the hotel is in a perfect location for shopping .
saks 5th ave is across the street and there 's a huge macy 's , and too many other stores to name them all . . . lots of designer shops too .
union square is sort of in the middle of the city , so every area is within walking distance .
we walked to china town , the embacardo , and nob hill .
excellent hotel stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and enjoyed it very much .
the location is ideal , right in the heart of attractions , food and shopping .
the complimentary tea and cookies is an excellent idea .
shame we did not know the pop corn was free , though we 've sent it !
the special pillows are also a bonus . would definitely come back next time we visit .
great hotel stayed here for 4 nights , great position , staff were very helpful especially oj who gave us great advice about the area and always a lovely smile .
our room was the 2 room suite and we were very happy with it .
the position on powell st is great , a short stroll to union sq shopping , the trolley cars to fishermanns wharf are right outside the front door .
chinatown is an easy walk .
i was travelling with my daughter (17 yrs ) and we felt quite safe walking around in the evening .
lots of restaurants around the chancellor .
we caught a cab to little italybut walked home thru chinatown , which was great and fun for shopping . we asked about different restaurants and the staff were very helpful with recommendations and directions to some great places . if i return to sf i would definitely stay at the chancellor hotel again , it is not a big flash hotelif that is what you are looking for but had more of a homely feel which we really enjoyed .
the cookies and fruit in the lobby is a nice touch .
ca not beat location , service stayed for 4 nights at the chancellor hotel this past thanksgiving holiday .
yes , it is an older , european style hotel but the wonderful and attentive staff made sure everything was in order and rooms were stocked daily ( toiletries , recycle trash bags , nice fluffy pillows ) .
not to mention the coffee , tea and cookies/apples that were always available in the lobby .
best perks were the free internet ( stayed at embassy suites by the airport first and internet was not free in rooms - -for a business hotel ? ) . .and of course the free valet/parking which is unheard of in union square !
good hotel , nice lokation and very friendly personell ! !
we stayed at the chancellor at the end of our roundtrip through california , arizona and utah .
it was a really nice hotel with very friendly personel , who where ready to answer all of our questions at any time and gave us great tips on where to go and eat .
nice clean room .
the lokation is great , central in the city on union square , from were you can get almost everywhere .
the only thing we regret is the poor shuttle service , which we were shown at when we asked tot call for a cab to the airport .
we were cramped in to small fan with 7! ! persons , when we complained the driver just ignored us and said that it was 'nt his responsibility .
this was the only negative thing we experienced at our stay . i would like to recommend this hotel very much . . . . . . . but do not use the shuttle service !
exceeded our expectations we chose the chancellor based on other trip advisor reviews .
it exceeded our expectations for three - star hotels in every way .
we 've stayed in other hotels in the same union square neighborhood before but think this is certainly the best value .
we were able to get a parking package which is critical for this area of san francisco - - parking rates can be as high as $38 a day .
the parking lot was just 1/2 block away which was another nice change from the other neighborhood hotels we 've stayed in .
the room was a little small , but obviously recently remodeled and even had a view .
the bed was wonderful and the bathroom was small but sparkling clean ( yes , it had a tub ) .
one caveat : the hotel is on a boiler system , so there 's no heat available until late at night .
the hotel gave us a portable radiator that kept us warm until the building heat kicked on .
the lobby has free coffee , newspapers and cookies .
we enjoyed the breakfast at the small restaurant , lucques .
the staff was friendly and helpful .
we will definitely stay here again .
great little hotel friendly , helpful staff , nice rooms of smallish size but perfectly adequate .
good breakfast and tasty snacks at the bar .
great location - would definately return on my next trip to san francisco .
good hotel , great location - poor breakfast .
as the last reviewer said we also booked this hotel on the recommendation of many on tripadvisor .
we have not been disappointed . the location is superb , especially given the price .
the cable car is right outside the door along with all the shops you could possible ever want .
i 've found the hotel staff friendly too and the wi - fi connection ( which i 'm using now ) is a nice bonus ( when it is working ) .the only real downside is the poor restaurant facilities .
they stop serving at 2.30pm and the bar stops at 9.30pm .
did not find the staff in the restaurant too good either . highly recommended .
good location we were recommended this hotel by travel agent as opposed to staying at fisherman 's wharf .
i am glad we took their advice , we did not rate fisherman 's wharf .
hotel rooms were small but very comfortable , had been recently refurbished so everything was very clean and fresh .
location was excellent , minutes from union square and on the cable car route , close to theatres and shops and within walking distance of china town .
rory was a particular helpful member of staff .
some members of staff i found not exactly unfriendly but not very approachable .
would recommend this hotel .
great location great location in the city .
rooms are slightly dated , but fully functional with everything is in very good condition .
free sweets in your room ( yum ) , free cookies at reception , and free popcorn .
the world famous pancakes next door are over rated , so do not bother ( especially when the q is huge at the weekend ! ) .
good for the price we recently spent two nights at the chancellor in september , 2007.
i felt the hotel represented itself very well on their website .
it?? an historic hotel and has been recently renovated .
it has no air conditioning .
they mentioned that on the site , but because the windows needed to be left open at night for comfort , it meant the noise from the street below was quite loud .
the cable car runs right in front of the hotel and they run until 12:30 a . m .
that means the ringing of their bells goes on well into the night .
we bought a floor fan from the pharmacy next door and all was well .
the rooms ( and the hallways ) are very small , but were immaculately clean .
the beds were comfortable and they offered a whole menu of different types of pillows and sound machines , to help make you comfortable .
we were on eastern standard time , which meant we were up long before the restaurant opened in the morning , but they have a little coffee bar in the lobby that is available 24/7 which was a nice touch .
ditto , the fresh - baked cookies ! if you like being at the heart of things downtown , it was a nice place to be .
good , but not as good as i expected from reviews on here i 'll say we were disappointed , not because the hotel was bad , but because from reading the reviews we thought it was going to be the best hotel of our trip and it was not .
we expected the friendliest staff in a charming little hotel with lovely food .
but to us , it just seemed like another decent hotel .
staff were helpful enough but nothing exceptional .
breakfast was far from being the best .
and the hotel does look like it needs updating , especially the carpets which are worn out indeed . however , the room we were in was quiet ( not paper thin walls at all ) and clean , which is the main thing .
the duck was a nice touch , but we also had one from the hotel we stayed in the night before so were not impressed by that either .
but to be honest that 's not what i go to hotels for , as long as the staff is decent and the room is clean it 's good enough .
also , i would stay there again , simply because of the fact that for the price the location cannot be beaten .
we felt safe even late at night and we were right by the shops . ps : there is no air - conditioning indeed , but being san francisco you do not really need it , and the hotel is not trying to hide it as it says so on their website .
we stayed in mid - june and the lack of air - con did not bother us at all . . .
i have recommended the chancellor to friends we found the chancellor hotel on trip advisor - and were very happy we did . the location is excellent ? ? great shopping and dining all around the hotel .
the bart , cable car , and street car are all within 3 blocks ( do not rent a car - buy the muni pass ) .the rooms are small but very clean and nice - awesome bed and pillow menu . the staff could not have been any nicer ? ? from the front desk to housekeeping . all this being said ? ? it must be the best value in san francisco as the room rates were at or below most in the area .
if we visit san fran again , we will stay here again .
great place to stay , staff exceptional we stayed 4 nights at the chancellor .
the staff are very personable and helpful , and the housekeeping is excellent .
the cookies and coffee are a nice touch .
we found the bed quite comfortable .
the rooms are smallish as you 'd expect in an older hotel but adequate , lots of closet space .
with the ceiling fan and some fresh air we did not miss the ac .
i 'd stay there again any time .
we had breakfast at luques , and it was good .
great place to stay in san francisco june 16, 2007 - just returned from a week in san francisco .
this was our first trip to this wonderful city , we had all kinds of recommendations on where to stay .
based on those and many hours of researching on the web , we chose to stay at the chancellor hotel in union square mainly because of the price for the room and the location of the hotel .
we made a wise choice , the location of this hotel is excellent for a tourist and the price was about average for a room in the city .
located right in the middle of the retail center of the city , the are many retail stores , restaurants and local pubs to chose from .
do not rent a car when you go .
when we arrived in the city , we took the bart train from the airport to the powell street station , which put us four blocks from the hotel .
only cost us $5.15 each for the train to the powell street station .
to get around the city , you can use the cable cars , which are right out front of the hotel , or catch one of the city buses which can get you to just about anywhere in the city at $1.50 a trip .
however , you can purhase in the hotel lobby a muni pass which gives you unlimited access to the cable cars and buses during your stay .
as for the hotel itself , it was very nice , it is an old hotel but has been well kept and is in great shape .
the staff was very friendly , they were more than willing to help us with our questions and directions to various places in the city .
in addition to purchasing your muni pass for transportation , you can also book all of your tours in the lobby at the same prices you would pay anywhere else .
very convenient .
the only negative we have for this hotel , and it is not a big one , was the bed was pretty hard , took a few days to get used to .
the rooms are small , but who wants to stay in their room when there is so much to do in the city ?
highly recommend this hotel for a stay in san francisco , made our stay a great one . . . would definitely stay their again .
great choice this was a great choice for our san francisco vacation .
the location ca not be beat if you want to be near a lot of attractions .
coming from the airport , bart drops you off a quick few blocks walk away at powell/market ( slightly uphill , so i would not want to walk it with lots of luggage ) ; union square is across the street with great shopping and some good restaurants nearby ; the cable cars run by the front door ( although it is not easy to get on the cars at this location ) and chinatown and market street are an easy walk as well .
we like to walk the city so we actually walked from the hotel to fisherman 's wharf on two occasions , and also to and from the embarcadero , north beach and locations in soma without much difficulty as long as you choose your hills carefully . the room was clean and quiet .
we were on the back side of the hotel on an upper floor so we got very little street noise .
considering there is no ac and the windows are were consequently open , we were pleasantly surprised .
the rooms are a bit small by us standards but quite comparable to better european accomodations .
there are about 9 rooms per floor and they all seemed to be very well maintained .
the staff was very friendly and helpful , and the cookies at the front desk are a nice touch .
complimentary coffee and tea is also available near the two elevators . all in all , an excellent value and location .
i would absolutely stay here on my next visit .
ok but i would not rave about chancellor i would agree with most other reviews with one or two caveats . position and price are the main things going for this hotel .
staff were courteous and efficent . caveats are as follows :1.
our room had no airconditioning , only a ceiling fan which was totally inadequate with the warm weather we enjoyed during our stay .2
breakfast was greasy and tasteless , quantity rather than quality , and not cheap . we only ate in on first day of our three day visit .3.
bathtub was smallotherwise our stay was satisfactory .
great location great staff !
what a nice place to stay ! allthough the rooms were small and the bathroom very small i liked the chancellor .
its location ca not be beet its great .
this hotel is on union square were all of the best in shopping and eating can be found .
the area is fantastic !
the chancellor was built in 1914 according to the staff and some old photos in the lobby .
because of its age the rooms are small but nice . very clean , i read some reviews and noticed nothing but clean sheets and towls .
some of the furnshings could be updated but its not bad .
i went for just one night but checked in early and checked out late the next day .
the staff from the front desk to the toure desk to the restaurant were of a high standard .
they were so nice and helpful .
our room faced the back and only had a view of tops of buildings but it was very quite .
i read some say the walls were thin but i did not notice any noise from either side both rooms were in use .
this place has lots of old california charm and a nice confortable lobby .
i got a very good deal for $75.00 .
i will stay here again if possible .
great for what it is if you are looking for a great location , friendly service , and above average accomodations , this is your place .
it is located right off union square and convenient to everything downtown .
the rooms are a little on the small side and a little dated .
they are however , comfortable and clean .
there are also a few extras , some at a small additional cost , that make things nicer such as foot baths , tempur - pedic type pillow , aroma therapy type items .
the beds were comfortable .
they have an arrangment with a fitness center a block away that allows you free visits .
the staff went out of their way to be helpful and friendly .
all in all , this was among the best values i 've found in many trips to san francisco .
as long as you 're not looking for 5- star luxury , i would highly recommend the chancellor .
one last thought , like everywhere in sf , the parking is expensive .
check out some of their package deals that include parking .
wonderful stay , great staff my wife and i stayed their after a business meeting i attended in san jose , ca .
a friend suggested this hotel and she described it perfectly .
great location , clean rooms , and friendly knowledgably staff .
we are not interested in getting caught up in the tourist traps of the city .
the staff knew exactly where to send us for some great meals .
thompson , rhode island 
expect some quirks and you 'll be fine the chancellor is exactly what i expected based on most of the reviews here - -brilliantly located , inexpensive , staffed by nice people and a bit quirky because it is an older structure .
plus it 's right around the corner from dottie 's true blue cafe , where i had the best breakfast of my life ! my room was against a shared wall with the adjacent building , and at about 7 each night , when the tenants on the other side of the wall got home , a stereo went on and played until about 11.
it was not terribly loud , but i 'm super sensitive to noise .
i called down to the front desk about changing rooms , but the hotel was fully booked that evening .
however , the gentleman at the desk offered to have a white noise machine sent up .
that did the trick .
the night before my check out , i had a memo slipped under my door indicating that the plumbing would be worked on through the night and the water would be back on early in the morning .
when i got up to shower at about 7am , the water pressure was quite low .
by the time i checked out at 9am , there were several people in the lobby who were upset because they had no water at all .
i was very glad to have gotten my shower in .
the desk staff said there 'd been some complication with the plumbing work through the night and that they were working to fix it .
bottom line - -i would definitely stay here again .
the rates and location are staggeringly good .
i 'll just be ready to go with the quirkly flow of the chancellor .
great location for the buck we stayed for 4 night dec .6th -10th .
the hotel was exactly what i expected from the reviews .
the rooms are on the small size , but adequate .
the location is awesome .
when people say if location is what is important - -well when you travel , i think location is the most important , especially in a city . our check - in went without a hitch , and we did not ever find that we waited very long for a elevator , as some reported .
my wife was cold one night , and since the hotel works on a boiler system and the temp .
was not low enough for it to go on - -a simple call to the front desk and they sent up a portable heater . the only negative was that the walls are very thin when you have an ajoining room .
the first night the people in the adjoining room had a baby that started crying at 4 a . m and did not stop .
was up the rest of the night .
they folks at the front desk offered to change our room until they realized that the folks with the baby checked out . we had our children join us for one night on sat .
the chacellor does not normally accept one night reservations for a weekend , but will was nice enough to accomodate us with another room since we were already booked for 4 nites . all in all , you cannot beat the value of this property .
great location and very pleasant staff .
very nice stay at the chancellor we recently spent sept 26-28, at the chancellor .
the posted room photos ( sept 29) mirrors our room exactly .
the rooms are clean , small , but not too small , and the walls a little thin .
nice size closet and great tub !
there are free newspapers and coffee in the lobby which was nice .
the hotel staff is great .
the first night we made the mistake of leaving the window open and the street noise was a little bothersome??ut as one reviewer said , the hotel is right in the city and on a trolley line??hich is part of its charm and the location the reason we stayed there in the first place .
subsequent nights we left the window closed and turned the fan on and slept very comfortably .
even the others in our party , who usually would not stay at a hotel without air conditioning , slept comfortably with windows closed and fan going .
the hotel is very central .
the free wi - fi made it very easy to plan our sightseeing .
we went everywhere by bus??sed the trip planner on the metropolitan transit?? 511 transit website to plan our bus route and bus number# ( - - - ) .
the hotel was full during our stay and a large group of japanese students filled the restaurant in the morning .
not a problem - - we just went next door to sears fine food .
we had very good service and the really enjoyed the small swedish pancakes ( get there early or you will have to wait in line ) .
we had a very nice stay at the chancellor and will definitely stay there again on our next visit .
location , location , location after much research , i chose this hotel based on price and the reviews from other tripadvisor members .
i was extremely happy with my choice .
i do not think there is a better location , if you want to be in the heart of things .
everything is at your doorstep - the cable car stops at the corner , hundreds of great shops and a multitude of restaurants and diners , all within walking distance . the service was wonderful and the staff were extremely helpful .
of course the complimentary internet access , coffee , fruit and yummy cookies are great perks ! the rooms are a little small , but very comfortable and clean .
sears next door is wonderful for both breakfast and dinner . . . try their famous pancakes ! i would definitely recommend this hotel ; i think it is great value for money compared to other pricey hotels in the area .
very good location we stayed at the chancellor hotel for 3 nights on a tour of the usa .
be booked through email and got a nice comfortable room with a view of union square as requested .
the location of the hotel is perfect . . . everything is literaly 5 mins away .
the hotel was clean and the personel helpful .
valet parking is convinient but a bit expensive at $30+tax ! personally we prefer staying in bbs but the chancellor hotel is one of the best hotels we have ever visited . philip  irsa , nicosia - cyprus .
great location great location and service .
rooms were quite dark and smallish with average bathroom but still quite comfortable .
excellent value .
great historic hotel we spent two nights in the chancellor and were very pleased with the room , bathroom , location , and service .
the hotel is in a very safe area on the cable car line and close to bart .
the only disadvantage was the lack of air conditioning .
we did go to the city in the middle of a heat wave , but the room still did not cool off during the cool nights .
i would love to stay in this hotel again but would want to check out other rooms ( on another side , another level ) that might be cooler .
great location . .nice hotel we stayed at the chancellor for two nights .
you cannot beat the location , it 's perfect .
i would have really liked a room on a higher floor with a view , but it was a busy time ( semicon ) , and ours was just fine .
we did have a minor mishap .
we had a concert the first night in berkeley , and we wanted to check in to the hotel , get our bags upstairs and head out .
we got stuck in some traffic , so we got to the hotel with no time to spare .
i asked the clerk at the desk if we could leave the car at the curb while we dropped our bags in the room .
she said it would not be a problem , as you are allowed 20 minutes at the curb .
well we were back within 10 minutes and our car had already been sent to the valet parking garage , apparantly there was a miscommunication amoungst the staff .
it only set us back 15-20 minutes , but it was frustrating and we did not feel like the staff was very apologetic about it .
that was made worse by the valet driver visibly showing his disappointment at the lack of a tip . . . i did not feel like tipping when my car should not have been taken to begin with . .call me crazy .
the valet driver does not work for the hotel , so i did not hold that against them , but it was tacky .
other than that incident , i found the staff to be very friendly and helpful .
they helped with resturant recommendations and directions to different attractions .
i would not hesitate to stay here again . . . .in fact i probably wo not even bother looking elsewhere .
kudos to the chancellor my husband and i just returned from an anniversary trip to san francisco and a four night stay at the chancellor hotel .
we enjoyed our visit and the hotel very much .
as many have said , the rooms are a bit on the small side .
but so what ?
you 're in san francisco - -you wo not be spending that much time in the room .
the room was comfortable and clean .
amenities were above and beyond what you find in some of the larger chain hotels .
the deep tub w/bath salts - -and the rubber ducky - -made for a nice extra after a long day of walking up and down ( and up and down . . . and up and down ) the steep hills . the hotel is in a very convenient location for taking public transportation , making it very easy to get around .
if walking is your thing ( it is not really mine ) the hotel is close enough to everything that you can walk easily .
you can grab a trolley car in front of the hotel , or easily grab a cab ( we used both the muni system and took cabs - - - both were effective from this hotel ) .the staff was very friendly and helpful .
we made tour arrangements in the lobby and that was great .
susan was very helpful .
the tour company picked us up at the hotel in the morning and dropped us back off at the end of the day .
very convenient . the bar is small and cozy and is a great way to either start or end your evening .
alicia , the bartender , was very helpful and gave us dining and sight - seeing tips .
it was nice to be able to visit with other guests in the bar area . i would also like to thank wes tyler .
i e - mailed him prior to our trip and told him it was our anniversary and asked if we could possibly have a room with a view .
we arrived to find ourselves on the 15th floor with a view of the water and of union square .
if that was not enough , on the day of our anniversary , we returned to the room to find a nice little surprise waiting for us .
we appreciated ( and enjoyed ) the sentiment very much .
i 'm not sure when we 'll be back in the area , but i will certainly recommend the chancellor to interested friends .
great location the location of this hotel is perfect , right in the middle of it all ! .
you can catch the cable car , or if you like walking up and down hilly streets . . . .you can walk to just about anything .
chinatown and union square are especially close .
the rooms are small , but very clean .
the staff was friendly , and there is a small bar area in the lobby .
vallet parking was very nice if you have a car with you .
so , for those who are out to explore san francisco and not the hotel this is a great place , at an affordable price . . . .i paid $150/night , which included vallet parking .
a fine hotel we opted for the cruise special - $160 per room per night ( not currently available on their website but similar to their current summer value package ) .
we stayed 2 nights ( may 11- may 13) before flying back to boring england ( nobody ever left their heart there ) .there was a mix - up involving our pick - up from the cruise terminal which was quickly resolved .
a compensatory bottle of wine was waiting for us in our room .
we thought this was rather generous - unneccessary but very kind all the same .
the breakfast component of the bread and breakfast package ( and i do not believe this was made clear on the website ) was worth $14 ( as is now clearly stated on the summer value package ) .
this , in contrast , we thought was rather cheap as $7 per person would not buy much at all ( three quarters of a blueberry omelette , i think ) .
after a quick chat with the front desk , this was upgraded to $28 which is sufficient for two people to indulge in one of their four ( very tasty ) breakfast packages ( e . g .
juice , tea/coffee , toast , vegetable omelette ) valued at $12-13 approx . so my only suggestion to the management is to do likewise - change your current and future packages from a $14 per room restaurant allowance to ( a more realistic ) $28. note : in the uk , bed and breakfast for any class of hotel has no such restrictions . this would be our only criticism of a deservedly top - notch hotel . previous reviews correctly report on the myriad positives - great location , excellent front desk , excellent tour desk , excellent rooms . . . . . .in fact , excellent everything .
great value  stayed here for four nights .
apart from the weather , which turned rotten just before we arrived in sf , it was a great stay .
the hotel is just off union sq , but not enough to say it 's off union sq . . . if that makes sense !
anyway , rooms are typical good budget hotel , good size , clean , everything you 'd need in the bathroom etc .
but do not stay here is you are planning on lounging around in the room/watching films  orderning room service .
it 's not plush - it 's very good value for money , and in a great location .
only issue was with the check - in staff who were beyond rude .
asked them if they might have a uk nokia charger ( left behind by previous guest . . . most hotels have boxes of phone chargers ) and was told 'no ' straight off by the lady , without her even thinking about it . . . .i pressed her . .and she said she 'd check with housekeeping . . . and rang up the room to say 'no '. . . . just utterly rude . . . and while i was asking the other checking lady was looking at me like i had two heads !
luckily did not have to deal with them until i was checking out !
wonderul location , wonderful staff this hotel is on the cable car line with stops just outside the door .
the ride to fisherman 's wharf is about 15 minutes and great fun .
the hotel is across the street from high end shopping and within walking distance of some great restaurants .
the staff was wonderful , they did everything possible to make sure our stay was enjoyable .
i have two less than wonderful comments : 1.
our room , 1208, was in need of updating ; sad carpeting and bedding .
2. our room was not air conditioned .
this was not a problem since temperatures were mild and we left windows open .
however , even on the 12th floor , street noise often was distracting .
that said , though small and dated , the room was clean with nice toiletries and two comfy chairs .
we would definitely stay there again .
great place .
great location .
while check in was a little longer than expected , this gem plied us with cookies and terrific coffee while we waited .
our room was not ready when we checked in , however they cheerfully checked our bags and took our cell number to let us know when things were set .
we went to lunch and we got a call .
our room was on the smaller side , but lovely with a view of powell street .
be warned ( or warmed ! ) that there is no a/c at the hotel - but the room had a ceiling fan and with the breeze you did not need it ( at least for us floridians ) .
at night it actually felt cold to us .
this was a delayed anniversary trip and they went through the extra trouble of having champagne in the room when we checked in and a nice note - nice touch .
if you want a quieter room - ask for the back .
the powell street rooms you hear the cable cars and street traffic .
to us it added to the ambiance - for others it might be annoying at night . the small bar in the evening is cozy and inexpensive .
the bartender is jovial and friendly - and she mixes a mean martini .
the bar on top of the sir francis drake across the street is very hip and happening with great views .
i 'd pass on breakfast on dinner at the hotel .
next door the breakfast is awesome - get there early on the weekend because there will be a line ! or up the street there is a lois 's dinner ( there is a number of them in town ) .
it is very easy to get to this hotel from the airport - bart blue line to powell .
exit bart station and board the cable car ( or walk - uphill ! ) for 5 blocks .
you ca not miss it .
it 's $5 for bart and a day pass on the cable car ( actually all muni ) is $10, $18 for 3 days .
you can buy it from the kiosk or the conductor .
the hotel also sells passes . overall the staff is excellent .
they are willing to help anyway they can . a great stay , and a good value , if you are looking for a european style smaller hotel in a centrally located downtown area .
enjoyed our stay at the chancellor we would recommend this hotel .
the location is absolutely perfect in union square .
the staff was very kind and attentive without being obtrusive .
the hotel was clean , quiet , and we thought , a wonderful value for the location .
nothing fancy , but who needs it in such a great city .
thanks chancellor !
loved the chancellor i was very pleased with my stay here .
the room was very comfortable and very clean .
the location is perfect .
staff very friendly and helpful .
i would stay at this hotel again and would certainly recommend it .
could not be more convenient after driving up highway 1 from la it was nice to leave the car in the garage for a few days , although san francisco is not as hard to drive in as people told us beforehand . for its location the chancellor is good value , close to pretty much everything .
you do not need air con : the ceilings are high and the fans are more than adequate .
the rooms are not large , but you would not expect that in the middle of town . the only thing that would have been nice is a greater selection of complimentary breakfast stuff for cheapskates like me .
after a few days i was a bit tired of cookies . other than that , what 's not to like ? san francisco tip - alcatraz tours get booked up days in advance .
we turned up , expecting to go the same day , and in peak season it seems we were over - optimistic . other sf tip - do not expect la weather every day , even in summer .
great location , great price !
the location really could not have been better .
it 's surrounded by good shopping and fast transportation .
i was dissappointed when i discovered that there was no a/c ( because their website mentioned climate controled rooms , but apparently were referring to the heater ) , but it was not a problem .
a little warm in the day , but nice and cool at night .
the asian woman in the lobby at the tour info .
booth was a bit harsh in her answers/directions , but if you have a dry sense of humor , she 's hilarious !
a few suggestions for the first timer 's like us : buy a muni pass at the sf visitor 's bureau right off of bart @ powell st .
with the pass , you can get anywhere in the city .
you can get all kinds of brochures there too with discounts to most anything you want to see .
also , if you want to see a show , go to the tix stand ( right accross from the hotel basically ) for 1/2- price same - day shows .
we saw hush up . . . sweet charolette , and it was hilarious !
a weekend in san fancisco my husband and i just returned from a weekend in san francisco !
this was our second time staying at the chancellor and over all , it was a great trip .
we were so excited when we called just a few days before we left to find that they were having some kind of a promotion .
we got a great deal for our rooms !
we love the location of the chancellor , we never have to use our car .
we love to shop and it is soo close to every shopping place imafinable .
and if shopping is not your thing , you 're just a cable car away from everywhere else in the city .
the staff at the chancellor is wonderful and we love the location of the hotel .
the only thing that i might complain about on this trip was the water pressure in our shower .
it was awful !
i did not remember it being that bad the last time we stayed there .
maybe it depended on the room , room 800. overall however , we love the chancellor and will definitely be staying here again .
if you love europe , you 'll love the chancellor !
we booked two rooms last week ( feb '05) based on reviews we read online .
all i can say about those rare unhappy traveller reviews is that they must only like cookie cutter chain hotel rooms !
the chancellor is a piece of europe in the heart of san francisco .
clean , outstanding location , wonderful staff , ambience , and affordable !
we brought another couple from florida as a surprise for his birthday .
unknown to me , the staff put a chilled bottle of very good private - label wine in their room with a congratulatory card .
a really class touch !
they have traveled extensively and were very happy with the chancellor .
everything about this hotel is good old fashioned guest service - - thick , monogrammed towels , genuinely helpful and friendly staff , jar of candy in the room , fresh apples and cookies in the lobby , rubber duckies in the bathroom for your bath ( ! ) , and even an umbrella in the closet should the weather require !
the rooms are on the small side , but that is typical of a hotel built 100 years ago ( pay attention here all you people who want 1000 sq .
rooms ! ! ! ) .
nonetheless , it was very adequate for two people and clean .
the elevator service was slow because they are renovating , and 1 of 2 were offline .
but we still never had to wait more than 4 or 5 minutes .
i have waited that long in big hotels with whole banks of elevators .
it is well worth paying a few dollars extra for the valet parking !
i think the only thing that did not impress me was the bartender on duty that night in the lobby bar .
he was very lethargic and lacked the enthusiastic personality the rest of the staff exhibits .
maybe he was having a bad night .
if not , they need to replace him or give him some dale carnegie lessons !
if you are a light sleeper you 'll want a higher level room - - lots of city noises including the cable cars .
and do not forget to review their menu of pillow options !
the most unique thing i 've ever seen in a hotel .
awesome , convenient location .
the cable cars are a must - do , fun experience .
if you want hyatt , pay the money and go get your cookie cutter room .
if you want a unique experience , stay here !
extremely neat hotel just returned from ca - - spent two nights at the chancellor hotel in sf . the location is absolutely perfect ( great shopping , dining , and a great base for exploring the entire city ) .
yes , one of the elevators was out of service , but we took this as an opportunity to chit chat with other guests while waiting for the functioning elevator .
our room was very clean , staff extremely nice and professional .
thanks , monica , for assisting me with my reservation , and the nice front - desk guy who made our check - in very smooth ( we arrived super late on thursday ) .mr .
manager - - please do not yell at me , but it really did get very hot one night , even thouth we had the window open and the fan on .
i 'm aware that it is not your fault , but the street artist with his saxophone did get a tiny bit annoying after a while : ) does he prevent me from returning to the chancellor hotel ?
not a chance !
wow what a surprise from reading about a zillion reviews before booking a hotel for myself and my 14 yr old daughter to spend a weekend shopping at union square in sf , i was expecting a small but quaint , fairly clean room with a great location .
i got all of that , but the room was not just fairly clean it was spotless .
i accidently spilled a 1/2 gallon of bottled water on the carpet and anyone who has spilled something on carpet knows you blot it up , not wipe it up , well , i grabbed a couple of bathtowels and started blotting . . . the towels were soaked but quess what ? ? no dirt , none .
the carpets had to have been cleaned or the towels would have been dirty .
i was impressed the room smelt clean when we first entered , and it was .
the location was excellent for shopping with my teenager and the valet parking was included with the room , so we did not have to fight traffic , we just bought a three day muni pass and zoomed around town on the cable cars .
the people where very helpful in the hotel and one of the elevators was broken and being repaired , but our wait for an elevator at the longest busiest time was never more than 5-6 minutes top .
the price was great , the service was great and the room clean , it was a safe location , and for the price you cannot get a better deal .
good experience we stayed at the chancellor over the christmas holidays in dec '04.
it was a very good experience - the hotel is charming , the staff is helpful and nice .
the only complaint is that there was only one elevator working . . . so i would check to see if the second elevator is working before making a reservation on one of the higher floors .
the location was amazing - we had never been to san fran before and the cable car ride to the wharf was right across the street .
i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone that was traveling to san francisco ( and especially if they 're looking to shop ! ) .
hotel is a good value my husband and i stayed at the chancellor in mid - november and were relatively pleased with our 2- night stay .
its best feature : no locked - out hotel workers striking in front of it to harass you and other guests !
( i sympathize with the workers , but they sure made sf look bad . )you cannot beat this hotel for location and price , given the rates of other union square lodging choices .
it really is right on the street car line and is within walking distance of china town , moma , etc . i do not know that i would stay at the chancellor in the summer ( no a/c and we never could figure out how to open the windows so it may be impossible ) , but for autumnal afternoon temperatures in the 60's and evening lows in the 50's , it was just fine .
ventilation in the bathroom was poor , but given the hotel 's age , i was not surprised .
it was clean and tidy , even if the room was small ; there was enough space for us and our luggage .
my only real complaint is that it would be nice to have some color in the room - we had whitewash everywhere with the furniture  carpet providing the only relief ( i do not count the 2 tiny prints on the wall , nor do i count the wallpaper border in the bath ) .
our view over powell street was fine .
the staff was nice , although the asian woman at the information desk in the lobby was probably the least enthusiastic person i have ever met in my life .
someone wake this lady up ! thanks to the reviewer who recommended sears fine food in a review on this site - we ate breakfast there and it is great .
and right next door to the hotel , so you have an advantage in terms of proximity .
get there early , though ; the joint had a line 25 people deep at 8:00 a . m . ! another good breakfast place is lory 's diner ; there are , like , 5 locations within 3 blocks of the chancellor . lastly , be advised : if you 're booking this hotel through an online service like expedia or orbitz , you will not be getting the sample european - themed room with the beautiful white canopied bed that is shown on those websites .
you 'll get a much plainer room .
but it will still be clean !
great place to stay what a great location for any trip to san francisco .
if you like large rooms , this is not the hotel for you ( nor are most hotels in sf ) .
but , if you like clean , comfortable , and convenient , with a very european feel and excellent service , this hotel is fabulous .
also , its restaurant has wonderful food ( luques ) .
great rates ( the hotel matched the lowest rate we found on expedia ) and valet parking service was prompt and professional .
wonderful location for shopping ( one block from union square ) and sightseeing ( on cable car route ) .
if you choose to book , request a room streetside 9th floor or above (15 floors ) for direct sunlight , view and much less curb noice .
on 12th floor , the street sounds were romantic , not annoying .
we travel to san francisco for pleasure at least 3 times per year and will definitely stay here again .
perfect location !
my wife and i stayed at the chancellor back in july .
they were very curteous , and after we checked in , they sent a complimentary bottle of champagne to our room .
the pillow menu was great , and the location was perfect !
walk across the street to a cable car , lots of friendly little diners in the area too .
if we ever go back to san francisco , we would stay there again .
it was a charming little boutique hotel !
nice hotel we stayed for 3 days at the chancellor in late september .
it is really a nice place to stay in sf .
perfectly located , just one block away from union square .
the hotel has an old fashion style which in our opinion is very charming .
the location is excellent : you just walk out the door and you allready see the cable cars in front of you !
your in the heart of the city , just one block from union square . our room was not to big , but had everything you need : nice bad , a clean bathroom , tv ( hbo ) , safe . roomservice and desk were very friendly and helpfull .
at the lobby you always find free coffee and cookies .
a little shop is also there .
breakfast is not cheap but excellent . we had booked the self - parking , which in my opinion is better then the valet - parking : you just walk one block to the parking lot and pick up your car whenever you want , valet - parking takes some time especially at check - out time . we would stay there again at any time .
excellent location  we stayed in the chancellor hotel at the beginning of september as part of a four city break in the usa ( boston , las vegas , san francisco and new york ) .
the hotel was excellent value and only seconds away from the cable car stop .
the extra touches like the rubber duck in the bath room ( i did not realise i could take it home ! ) , and the jar of sweeties made me smile , as it felt that the management had put some thought into how they can make their hotel unique and memorable , offering extra services at reasonable prices .
i found this a welcoming change after the annoymous but very plesant stays in the larger chain hotels we stayed in ( wyndham , the mirage and w ) .
for the price and location the chacellor was excellent value , i knew what to expect as the hotel looks exactly like it appears on the hotel website .
the chancellor was also extremely helpful when we needed to cash travellers cheques .
a superb base to explore san francisco !
great location !
stayed at the chancellor for 5 nights at the end of august - - clean and comfortable room and good value for money .
the real selling point of this place is its location , right on union square and central to the fun things and to shopping !
trams run right outside to take you to fisherman 's warf and although my room faced the road/tram lines it was not noisy at all . things spring to mind that i 'll tell friends that go to san francisco : fisherman 's warf did not strike me as a great place to stay , there is not a whole lot to do there that you ca not do in one afternoon and i 'm glad that i did not spend the extra money ; for only $35ish for the whole day and a ferry back , renting a bike is a great way to explore north of san francisco and its great to cycle across the golden gate bridge ( hardly any of it is uphill by the way - - you 'll appreciate this when you get there and realise quite how hilly it actually is ! ) ; there is a show called beach blanket babylon which is a hilariously funny topical musical and well worth seeing whilst you 're there - - most tickets are sold out at least two days in advance unless you want to queue at 5 or 6am . oh , and if you 're staying at the chancellor , you can get a much better deal on breakfast ( average food , average cost ) by going next door to sears which is apparently world famous for its pancakes .
i do not know about that but they are delicious and not as expensive as at the hotel !
fantastic but not the best small rooms , but very clean .
rubber ducky in bathtub was a great bonus and surprise !
very limited view of roof of next building .
we paid about $90 ( in the spring ) including overnight parking in a garage off of hotels - - - would stay again~ !
loved the chancellor i loved the chancellor !
the staff was friendly , helpful and ready to please .
the resturant was convenient and nice for breakfast .
i would have liked it to have been just a little cooler for sleeping but for the price and convenience it was a perfect place to stay .
when we return to san francisco we will plan to stay there again .
wonderful hotel !
i stayed at the chancellor hotel for one night this month ( june 2004) after reading countless good reviews on this website , and these positive reviews were right on . . . the hotel is perfectly located , in the heart of union square , and it 's close to many restaurants and shops - - and right on the cable car line .
the staff is friendly and the coffee and cookies in the lobby are an extra perk .
the rooms are small , but clean - - and the pillows are good !
if you 're looking for the four seasons this is not it , but i 'd recommend it to anyone who does not want to spend a fortune yet wants to be in the heart of san francisco in a nice place .
an excellent value .
shoppers dream !
we had 4 nights in the chancellor 1-5 may 2004 and found it to be a great little hotel .
the staff were very friendly and the room , although small was spotless and well furnished .
the location of this hotel is a shoppers dream and easy access to all the sights to be seen can be done on foot from here .
value for money it certainly was , and we would return to the chancellor and certainly recommend it to anyone .
the coffee and cookies in reception is a nice touch especially after a days sight seeing .
loved the chancellor !
based upon the reviews i read on tripadvisor , i booked a three night stay for business for the end of january/beginning of february .
i loved it !
i found the room to be clean and cozy .
and the bathroom was just the right size for one person traveling alone .
i stayed on the 11th floor towards the back and found the room to be quiet . the pillow menu was on the bed and i did try a couple of different pillows ( the buckwheat was great ) as well as the free passes to the westin 's gym - it as a great gym and also included spa services that you could purchase a la carte .
they had a big walk - in closet to store your clothing , an iron and ironing board , and an umbrella ( that i had to use a couple of times ) .the staff were courteous and very helpful .
the hotel was conveniently located to restaurants and shops . i loved the scale of this hotel and their low - key approach to things .
the cookies/coffee/tea/fruit was a nice touch .
i will go back and stay there when i return to san francisco .
great location .
this hotel is at union square and convenient to most everything .
the rooms are small but i 've found this to be true in other sf hotels - space is at a premium here and this is to be expected .
the bathroom has very little counter space but what fabulous bathtubs and hey - a free rubber ducky !
i stayed on the 12th floor at the back of the hotel and heard very little street noise and got good nights ' sleep - not the case with other hotels in the area ! ! !
if a good night 's sleep is important to you this is the place to stay .
also nice are the parking arrangements - if driving , pull up in front of the hotle in the passenger unloading zone - it 's okay to leave your car unattended if travelling alone .
then you will be directed to a parking garage that is a 2 block drive because of the 1 way streets but is really only a half block away on a perpendicular street .
when i was there ( feb 2004) the parking rates were $22/day for self park and $30 for valet .
there are unlimited in and out privileges with either option .
the bathroom was stocked with hair dryer , conditioning shampoo ( you 'll still need to bring conditioner if you 're used to using it ) , lotion , bath salts , shower cap , q - tips and cotton balls .
they also have internet access on the t . v . for a $10/24 hours fee .
i did not find the menu for the pillows but found out on check - out that it is in the binder .
i could not find any electrical outlets except those in the bathroom .
the concierge was very helpful with driving directions .
i will definitely stay at this hotel again because of the quiet rooms , reasonable prices and big tub .
a hidden jewel in sf location .
location plus great price . . . ! in the heart of the city without giving you a heart attack at checkout . very polite staff .
very helpful .
great rooms .
fantastic tubs for bath lovers . . . they even include a rubber duckie . i hate to let others know about this hotel because i want to keep going back . . . again and again . . . .
good , but not great . . .
we stay at ritz carltons every time we travel .
i agree with other reviewers that this particular property is not on par with other ritz hotels , despite the $700 p/night ( very small and umimpressively appointed ) room .
the staff was accomodating enough , but not nearly as consistently cutomer - service oriented as the staff at a typical ritz ( and we 're pretty low - maintenacce guests ! ) .
although our stay was enjoyable , we will consider trying another hotel on our next visit to san juan .
we were happy but stayed with a discount we stayed at the ritz carlton for 5 nights , at a significant corporate discount .
without the discount , i do not think we would have been quite so happy , but with the discount , we were pleased .
the room was clean and spacious , the beds very comfortable , and the staff was really pleasant .
the pool was extremely crowded our first day there ( a sunday ) but that did not happen again during the rest of our stay ( we left on a friday ) .
and you always had the option of having chairs set out for you on the beach , which was really nice .
the pool was also great , and the grounds are beautiful .
we even saw some very cool lizards running around , and at night , if you walk around you can hear the frogs singing .
the little touches are nice - like the ny times supplement , the fruit at the towel stand , the fact that at any given time , staff were always around and were always helpful .
the casino ( and the whole hotel ) is now non - smoking , and that was great too .
i think overall it is a great place to relax and get away , with very easy beach and pool access that is comfortable and clean .
complaints would be the food - on every level .
for what you pay to stay there ( full price or not ) , i think they should include a continental breakfast .
the hotel restaurant options are all very expensive .
we ate at il mulino one night and were extremely disappointed both with the service and the food .
the poolside restaurant menu was really limited , overpriced , and the food not very good .
we discovered a small diner a block off the property called cafe piu , which has fabulous gelatto and a really nice staff , and just relied on it heavily for breakfast and lunch .
other than that , there are not a lot of restaurant options within walking distance ( other than fast food ) so getting to the good restaurants required a cab ride or a car rental .
ritz carlton easter 2008 our family stayed at the ritz in san juan from 3/18 through 3/24.
our overall experience was above average .
some notes : overall property : landscape/decor/design/rooms - b+/a - restaurant service in ritz owned restaurants : c - front desk : c - long wait the day we checked in 3 hours + desk manager 's appeared to be way over their head with check - in 'spool and beach staff : a+ ask for juan and joshua .
great beach .
pool is only 3 feet deep .
beautiful pool , do not expect to do many laps .
also , try to get to pool area by 7:30am to reserve your chair/chairs . bell staff : a+bar help : b+il mulino restaurant : a+ excellent experiencecasino : b+kid friendly : c - resort needs to cater more to teens .
lots of children between the ages of 12-16 and not enough activities .
recommend teen lounge w/activities - games - socials , etc . people atmosphere : c - too many stuffy folks who need major dose of reality .
life is too short enjoy yourself .
materialism at its best . nightlife : c - see above response .
i highly recommend that you walk to the el san juan hotel for excellent salsa dancing , music and night life . . . . . .great barsresort spa and tennis : b - b+ classes offered at spa were personalized and professional .
try the belly dancing and latin salsa dancing .
spa was excellent .
nice hotel , but pricey we stayed 3 nights and really liked the hotel .
the room was very comfortable and clean .
view was not that good .
we were on the second floor and had nice look of the parking lot of the building next door . beach was very nice .
not too crowded and with hammocks and chairs to lay on the beach .
the airport noise was not a problem .
late in the afternoon a few planes would fly near , but not often enough to be an issue . the pool did seem a bit crowded on sunday .
it was better the other two days .
the setting was nice overall . a big issue for us was the 15% facility fee .
we ca not comprehend why they just do not include it in the room rate .
leaves a bad taste in your mouth after a nice stay .
i feel it 's sneaky on their part . the location was good if you just plan to rest and lay on the beach/pool , as the beach is good in isla verde .
if you plan to go to old san juan more than a couple of times then it 's better to get a hotel that is closer as cabs can be expensive . overall , we like the hotel but feel that it might not have been worth the price .
if you 're going on a corporate expense account , then it 's definitely the place to stay .
ritz carlton san juan nice hotel some misses with service just got back .
spent 1/2 to 1/6 with my wife and 2 kids at the ritz carlton san juan .
i 'm going to break it down in three sections , good , bad and overall . good : very nice hotel , nice rooms ( get a balcony not many on property ) , small but nice casino and great restaurants .
il mulino ( ny ) italian great ate there twice .
blt steak ( ny ) great steak and tuna tartare and finally the thursday night seafood buffet ritz carlton style fantastic .
the pool area was very nice , watch out for the 3 huge iguanas that live in the brush near the pool .
they do not bother you and they rarley come out plus the kids got a kick out of them . bad : housekeeping , left my door open after turn down on the first night .
never cleaned my room on the 2nd night , just forgot to due it .
i spoke to the front desk they assured me it would not happen again and asked me when i wanted the room cleaned and turned down they never ever got it right .
not ritz carlton service . pool service ( food and drink ) never around yet better on the beach . my son left his new ipod 8gig xmas present on the loung chair one day .
i asked the pool guys they said they had not seen it and lost and found had nothing .
that was a quick snatch job by someone . overall : it 's the only place to stay in san juan .
it 's by far is the best hotel there but lacks that extra ritz carlton service .
great stay at the ritz i stayed with my wife for two nights in august 2007.
i thought the facilities , staff , and food were all excellent .
i recomend the club floor , as it will save money in the long run if you like to drink and eat alot on vacation .
the staff is pleasant and helpful .
i disagree with the bad reviews , and i would recomend a stay at this property to anyone seeking an upscale vacation .
this is not the four seasons , but it is an above average/excellent hotel .
great hotel but . . . my husband , my 16 month old son and i had to travel to puerto rico for a family emergency .
we ended up booking friday night and saturday night at the ritz carlton .
first the good : the grounds are beautiful and the staff is great .
everyone greeted us , and were very friendly to my infant son .
the food was exceptional and the service , as usual for the ritz , was great .
also , i believe the beach was private which is unusual for puerto rico .
most hotel chains share the beach with the general public .
our room was a standard entry level room with partial view of the ocean .
the room was somewhat small as we could not fit the crib in there comfortably so our son slept in our bed for the two nights .
the bed was a california king and had plenty of room so it was not a big deal .
overall , i feel that it was above average .
now for the bad ( which really is not too bad ) , i did not feel like the ritz catered to families .
there was no kiddie pool and the one and only pool was 3 feet deep all around .
unless you have an inflatable toy for your kids , you will be holding them the entire time .
i also do not think the pool was heated .
i know it 's 90 degrees , but it felt cold when you first got in .
my son did not enjoy it at all and we had to spend the morning by the pool while my husband visited with family .
we paid almost $600 per night , at that price , i would have liked to have a heated pool .
there were no playgrounds for the kids to play or an area where you can let them go wild .
there was one saving grace and that is at mares - their casual restaurant .
it turns out they lend hotel guest a dvd player with disney movies so the kids can be entertained while the adults eat .
it was the first time i can remember having a hot meal in ages .
overall it was a good stay .
we had to check out of the ritz and check into el san juan as they were booked and that really made me appreciate the ritz so much more .
i 'll write a review about el san juan as well in case you are interested .
great mini vacation destination we chose the rcsj for its accessibility (3.5 hours from ny and no immigration lines ) and the usual exectation of high quality from the rc chain .
the hotel and staff pretty much delivered all that was expected , save for a few exceptions .
i would very much recommend the rcsj for anyone looking for a quick break in the sun from the east coast of the us . the rcsj delivered on the usual good things : friendly and helpful staff , great lobby and common areas , good dining options in the hotel , clean rooms , nice large pool and beach , great tennis courts and spa .
however , a couple of suggestions/ comments on what could be improved .
first , the outside of the hotel needs a clean up .
the parts facing the ocean need a scrubb and a new lick of paint .
second , the food options at the pool/ beach could be improved/ expanded , as it 's basically just sandwiches and salads .
we could not get our perennial favorite of guacamole and chips , which i 'd suggest they add , plus some other nibble - type food .
third , the pool and beach drinks and food service was average .
we felt that we had to keep a sharp eye out for a waitress and sometimes it would take 20-30 minutes to get the drink you had ordered !
a few more staff when it 's busy would help .
and servers should let you keep the tab open rather than expect you to close it , every time you order a drink .
finally , the room we had an ocean view ( but only just ) , was fairly small and lacked some of the basics we have enjoyed at other rc hotels ( such as dual sinks and a separate shower cubicle ) .
while the hotel layout may not accommodate such large rooms , it just did not feel quite up there with other rc 's we have visited . all in , we had a really good time .
it is the perfect location for a quick weekend in the sun and , with a few relatively minor improvements , the experience could have been outstanding rather than just very good .
we 'd go back again , but hope there is guac on the pool menu next time : - ) 
elegant and relaxing but pricey we spent a week at the ritz and our experience was mostly excellent .
positives are :1.
elegant rooms with very comfortable beds and flat screen tvs2.
great service , definitely a cut above most carribean hotels3.
nice facilities - fitness room , spa , fine dining4.
pool and beach - clean , very comfortable lounges , water was perfect temperaturenegatives are :1.
on a crowded holiday week , pool is inadequate in size and there 's no kiddie pool ( sorry parents , i know you love your kids , but swimming alongside babies in soggy diapers is not my idea of luxury )2.
limited dining facilities - if you 're staying more than a few days , you 'll definitely have to venture out to the el san juan , the intercontinental ( both a short walk ) or take a cab3.
pricey dining - no matter what budget you 're on , it quickly gets tiresome spending hundreds $$$/day ( typical entrees range $25- $40, small portions )4.
rooms are relatively small .
one rollaway in the room and you wo not be able to walk around .
our service was great we stayed for 5 nights during a busy week .
we were greeted by friendly , accommodating staff at the front desk who let us check in early !
we also enjoyed a later check out even though there were no rooms available .
we stayed on the club level and enjoyed the great food and drinks ( non stop champagne ! ) that was out every day .
the club level concierge were extremely helpful and polite , addressing us by name by the second day of our stay .
the dinner reservations they happily made for us ( and confrimed ) provided us with the best tables the restaurants had .
we were not crazy about having to get up early just to get a chair in the sun in the pool area .
people were saving dozens of chairs and not using them until lunch time - if at all .
there was always room on the beach and we enjoyed that just as well .
the lobby is very quiet - we walked to the el juan many nights to enjoy the busier and more lively atmosphere there .
the service was great and the hotel is top class .
one of the best in san juan just returned home from a four day stay at the ritz - carlton . . . it is by far a grand hotel and luxurious .
just a note check in is at 4pm and we arrived early , the lady who checked us in did say she would call my cell when the room was ready .
it was extremely busy so i suggest checking back the desk as opposed to waiting .
if you are staying more than two people and request ocean view there is no balcony and if your on the 5th floor or lower your view is blocked by the palm trees , if you are looking to stay the pool views rooms are just as good and i believe cheaper . .the dining was expensive but out of this world ( if you love seafood , try the buffet , it is worth the money ) . . .also there are many places within walking distance to eat or go out .
pool was nice and clean get there early to get a seat .
all in all , this is a 5 star hotel and with it comes the atmosphere . . .
would i drop $500?
no . maybe $300.00
my wife and i enjoyed 6 nites at the ritz in san juan .
we stayed on company business .
i would say its an excellent choice for the gambler who wants 3 nites in jan or feb at about $300 per nite .
it would not be worth $500 per nite on my income level .
the hotel and service were excellent but the location and the beach were weak .
the hotel is located next to the airport so you will wake up to that 7:30 am jet taking off .
the transfers back and forth to the hotel were cheap but the nightly trips to old san juan were $20.00 one way .
no way you can play golf without renting a car .
the golf courses were located at least 45 mins to an hour away .
we ate at the hotel restaurant one nite .
the 787 prime served the best chateaubriand that i ever had .
everyone else enjoyed their food tremendously .
the hotel had 2 tennis courts right next to the pool .
there was a large casino located next to the lobby .
the casino housed a nice large screen so i could enjoy my heels whip duke .
they seemed to have a band playing in the hotel lobby bar every night .
the pool was large yet looked old .
they need to power wash the tiles in the pool and exterior facade of hotel .
the service by the pool and on the beach was excellent .
the towel hut offered complimentary oranges and apples every day .
one exceptionally nice amenity for the hotel was the free use of the hobie cat/catamran sailboat .
the banana boat was only $15 too .
work related i went to the ritz at the end of march for work .
i was there for a week and a 1/2.
it really is a nice hotel , clean beach , clean rooms .
the service there was very good , people were polite and attentive , food was excellent but i must admit i was not impressed with pr .
the beach at the ritz was nice but the surrounding are was not .
after going to jamaica and the bahamas , pr does not compare except if you go to the caribbean side .
old san juan was really cool with the forts but was not relatively safe and rundowned .
it seems like people do not take care of what they have there .
isla verde was rundowned and a little scary on the weekends and there really was not much to do at night outside of the hotel .
everything was overun with too many teenagers especially during the weekend but there were some small places to eat great pr food like the pr cafe although it was pricey .
all in all i have to say that i do not think i will be visitng pr anytime soon because i rather see the other beautiful islands that surround the caribbean .
the classiest hotel in san juan my husband and i stayed at the ritz ( with another couple ) from june 25th to the 29th , and for the most part found this resort to be excellent .
first of all , the hotel itself is quite pretty , with the lobby area greeting you with full views of the pool area through floor - to - ceiling glass windows about two stories high .
the pool area was very nice and we did not have any problems finding 4 lounge chairs on our own , or on saturday and sunday with the help of one of the pool attendants ( never neglecting their gratuity , of course ) .
my husband and his best friend really enjoyed the beach and commented how clean and pleasant it was .
we celebrated my husband 's 29th birthday on sunday and found the sunday brunch at the caribbean grill excellent , and our waiter even made us a special array of desserts with a candle and a personalized birthday wish .
we also got a chance to have some services at the spa , which was fine but not what you 'd expect from the ritz carlton chain .
as far as food is concerned , we ate at both the restaurant by the beach ( ca not remember the name ) and the caribbean grill and found the food well prepared and delicious .
previous reviews have mentioned prices to be high , which may be somewhat true if you do not keep reminding yourself that you are on vacation and that these prices are somewhat expected for any high - end resort .
if you are in san juan you really have your pick of some really good food , we visited several restaurants and found la piccola fontana ( in the wyndham el san juan ) , ajili mojili ( in condado ) , casa borinquen and dragonfly ( both in old san juan ) all to be excellent , and all with such different flare ! .apart from housekeeping which was somewhat inconsistent , the service at the ritz is excellent .
the staff from the bellmen , front desk , conceirge and wait staff were extremely friendly and helpful .
now on to our only problem with our stay , from our first walk into our balcony room ( # 354) we noticed an awful mildew or mold - like smell .
the room was very well appointed and of a nice size , and this lingering smell seem to be coming from the carpet .
on our second day we called housekeeping to ask if something could be done about the smell and because we noticed that the carpet had not been vacummed since we got there .
the lady on the phone was very polite and apologetic and within 10 minutes there was a housekeeper at our room , vacum in hand and with a very strong but pleasant room deodorizing spray .
the smell persisted and on our last night there we were awaken by a big leak in the ceiling in the entrance area .
engineering came to our room about twenty minutes after our phone call to guest services and without even coming into our room , which obviously shows that they were previously aware of this problem , informed us that it would be taking them a very long time to deal with the problem and that we should call the front desk and have our room switched .
after packing , we were moved to the 7th floor and our room ( # 757) was spotless .
we were allowed a 3 o 'clock check out after reminding the front desk of our switch , but no one offer any apologies furthermore .
in closing , i hope that this review has been helpful and as for us we would actually stay at the ritz carlton san juan in the future , but would request to be moved immediately if upon entering the room we find ourselves unhappy .
very nice for what it is : an urban resort we have just returned from a four - day stay at this hotel .
the previous reviews of this and other san juan hotels left us puzzled , so i thought i 'd try to provide the straight scoop .
this is a very fine urban resort hotel , with a pleasant beach attached as a bonus .
there is no question that this is the finest hotel in san juan , and the staff is well trained and generally eager to provide a lovely experience .
as an added bonus , the hotel is a pleasant five - minute walk from the el san juan , which has fabulous nightlife in its elegant lobby .
but : this is not the caribbean resort of your dreams - - it is basically urban .
if you need or want to stay in san juan itself ( as we did ) this is beyond any dispute the finest choice you could make .
( the closest competitors in san juan , such as the marriott or the water club , are pale imitations of the ritz and nowhere near as nice . )
however , puerto rico does offer many other high - end beach resorts some distance away - - typically , 1-2 hours drive outside of san juan .
if you 're looking for a typical luxury caribbean resort , you may be happier at one of those choices ( horned dorset , wyndham in farjado , etc . ) .
if you have already decided in stay in san juan itself , howver , the ritz is absolutely your best choice .
btw , if you 're in san juan , go for dinner at pikayo - - rated , for good reason , as one of the top 100 restaurants in the world for 2003.
great time at the ritz just returned from pr . feb . 17,24,04 at the ritz .
as usual had a great time .
hotel and staff were great , will be back soon .
still a terrific resort - but affected by the economy this is my 3rd visit ( over the last 12 years ) to el conquistador and while the resort is in need of a face lift , it is a great family getaway .
if you are looking for a one stop destination - where you do not need to leave the resort to do anything - you??l love it .
i will start with the pluses - the staff .
they are sweet , attentive and seem to want to please .
the golf is phenomenal - and this might be one of a few resorts in pr where there is golf onsite .
the spa is good - but expensive ( $147 for a 50 minute massage with mandatory added gratuity ) .
while i always tip the therapist - it is usually commensurate with the quality of the service .
i happened to have had a great massage but did not run back at the cost for a second service .
to me the most fun activity is palomino island .
they tender you over to their private island - where they have beautiful chairs with some umbrellas .
same drill as most resorts - early bird gets the worm with seating under shade .
there are jet skis , banana boats , snorkeling , and kayaks .
beware - the restaurant had problems keeping up with our busy day and food was so - so .
maybe bring a sandwich from starbucks ( see below ) .
bring a small cooler for this that fits in a bag - they have ice machines near all rooms .
renting a little noodle was $6 and a raft $11 - bring a few blow up rings or floats for your little guys to save a few bucks there .
a few cons .
first the state of the maintenance of the resort is fair .
examples include facades in need of painting , the hot tub sans bubbles ( no plan to fix i guess ) , floors needing cleaning , pools which could also be cleaner? ? i truly think this is an economic related numbers issue - as occupancy is surely down .
we laughed as the walk to the lower pool had dirt/hair balls the whole 6 days that just blew around and were never swept - well it is a big resort and must be a nightmare to maintain .
if you have a teenager as i do - beware as the drinking age is 18 ( not 21) .
that blew me away and my son and my friends kids bellied up to the bar and drank .
he?? 19- but i wish i had foreseen this and snuffed it out before we got there .
plus they had no problems freely serving my 17 year old either .
scary stuff as a parent .
every guest gets these charge cards - i wonder if they have a way to restrict them ?
worth asking - after all , kids will be kids .
food is very expensive ( what else is new at a resort ) .
lots of walking there too - i guess an issue if infirmed or elderly .
rooms could be just a tad cleaner - but the sweet staff taking care of the rooms made up for it .
also be aware the drive from the airport is long - with traffic could be an hour or more .
one other con - my husband and son are certified in scuba diving - but my 17 year old is not .
my 2 sons did get a refresher in the pool - but on their dive the staff was inattentive at best .
they haphazardly checked their gear - and you better bring your own buddy to dive with as you are on your own .
that is a little scary .
tips - bring a bottle of rum/some beer for your room if you like a drink before dinner .
they have a refrigerator that?? empty .
bring snacks for the kids - the food is quite expensive and is nice to at least defray some of that .
we bought rum , wine ( bring a corkscrew ) , beer , cokes - and had a happy hour on our beautiful balconies that saved money .
i spoke to a guy who rented a car and this gave him eating/drinking/snack flexibility we did not have .
we booked the garden view - and they kindly gave us a partial and full ocean view - wow .
we had originally booked partial - changed to garden - that saved us  $1000 each room .
i recommend the marina location - unless you are a casino person .
i liked being on the bottom of the funicular .
after getting off the boat - i saw some people who had to wait in line to go up the mountain .
you have snorkel gear ?
bring it and snorkel to the small island next to palomino - my husband and sons did this and said was terrific .
i kayaked to there too - and it was awesome .
want to know the deal on the resort ?
starbucks - yes that?? right .
the cheapest sandwich seems to be $10- $14 elsewhere .
the worker said they are the most expensive starbucks on the island - but the hidden secret of the resort .
the breakfast parfait is maybe $3- the breakfast buffet is ( ready for this ) $25 plus tax and tip .
let?? face it the food is always outrageous at nice resorts - but beware the dinners are a fortune too ( $45 steak and $11 caesar salad ) .
what else ? well we ended up not doing the luminescence tour in the kayaks - but figured out if you walk around the corner ( to the left of where you get on the boat ) - is ? the cost as opposed to booking through the resort ( $44 versus $88 or something like that ) .
my other tip is the lower pool - kind of hidden but very relaxing versus the noisy upper pool .
you know they have this water park - but our kids were maybe a little too old for it and i guess the $20 cost put them off ( versus them sneaking daiquiris - go figure ) .
i hope this information helps - i am always so indebted to tips i get from other reviews - so thanks to all of you .
great service - would stay again we visited for a girl?? long weekend .
although it was a good little ride from the airport , the service we received was great .
the front desk staff is awesome !
they went above and beyond to help us and always did it with a smile .
we asked to upgrade to a better view and they moved us with no issue .
although the staff was nice at the red door spa my massage was just ok but the felicity was relaxing .
beautiful views , nice rooms and had fun at in the casino .
i will stay again .
cant wait to go back i celebrated my 40th bday with my family at el conquistador and loved it .
the resort is absolutely beautiful and the rooms are updated and well maintained .
we enjoyed the private island and water park soooo much . would
like to thank semi rivera for his exceptional service , he surprised me and brought a birthday cake to our room on our last night .
he was always helpful and went out of his way for us .
another great employee was edwing the tour guide for the rainforest , he was very friendly and informative .
my kids loved the tour . only negative was some of the restaurants were over priced , and the drinks too !
otherwise the resort was perfect .
magic in puerto rico we 've been to this hotel at least 4 times over the past decade .
the first few times , we went as a couple .
i will never forget escaping a freezing cold nyc , arriving late at night and getting out of the long car ride to warm caribbean air and the sound of a million coquis .
it was magic . many things have stayed the same over the years .
the food is still banal and high priced .
it is also distinctly not very puerto rican - i do not mind so much because i do not really like pr cuisine ( no flaming please !
i lived in viejo san juan for 6 months and tried hard to keep an open mind .
just do not like it ! )
some things have improved : the boats to palamino are bigger , more steady and faster ; the health club is bigger and better .
the biggest change for us was the addition of our son during this last trip .
he was 2 1/2 at the time and the waterpark had just opened .
watching his eyes light up as we tried to track down coquis , floating down the lazy river , dipping our toes in the ocean , spashing around in the pools , trying his hand at mini mini golf ( they have really small clubs at the towel counter on palamino ! ) - - it was magic all over again ! for this trip , there was one annoying thing : we had gone out of our way to arrange through the concierge for a driver to pick us up at a residence in condado and transport us with a carseat to fajardo .
we spoke at least 3 times to specifically make sure that the carseat would be the right size , etc .
well , at the appointed hour , the driver showed up in an enormous vehicle - the kind that shuttles you to a car rental office from the airport ! - with no carseat whatsoever .
in fact , not even so much as a seatbelt .
all for much more than the price of el con 's normal airport shuttle . on the plus side , we stayed at the casitas .
like it there , as it offers more space for families , plus extra access to a few small pools .
magnificant property .
mediocre experience the oft discussed renovations are complete .
the property is gorgeous .
genuinely breathtaking especially if you 're a weary traveler and walk up to the outdoor balcony overlooking the main pool .
it beckons for a swim .
rooms were good , too .
staff always enthusiastic  helpful . my dissatisfaction lies in the price gouging for below average food .
expect to pay $25/plate for the breakfast buffet and $90- $100 plus tip for lunch for four .
all for lukewarm food that tasted like it was the last plate off the heat lamps down at the room service kitchen . same economics underlie all purchases at el con .
$20 bottle of suntan lotion .
$40 t - shirts . in short , if someone else is paying the tab , i . e . a company expense report , this is a fantastic facility .
but if you 're a private traveler , be ready for that feeling you get when you 're a captive at disney world and you have no options but to pay inflated prices for food and drinks .
beautiful place the hotel is just beautiful , the entire complex is huge and includes a water park and a funicular to go from one part of the hotel to the other .
i stayed at las olas wing and la marina village in two different occasions , if you are looking for having some quite and romantic time i 'll recommend these wings of the hotel .
the pools nearby the la vista wing and las brisas wing tend to get pretty crowded .
the beach at palominos is beautiful , with crystal clear water and has a few good spots for snorkling .
however , if you want to get a feeling of the island and its culture , this place is not suitable .
it has all the amenities of the typical american 4-5 stars hotel and does not reflect the puerto rican culture .
also , be ready to spend big bucks , the prices for food , etc . are outrageous .
great place !
just got back from puerto rico and the hotel .
we had a very pleasant stay at the hotel .
the grounds are fabulous .
the view from the top level of the hotel looking east out onto the caribbean sea is breath taking .
on a clear day you can actually see st . thomas along with the other puerto rican virgin islands of viegus , culebra , and the hotels own palomino island .
from the western side of the resort you can enjoy the view of the beautiful golf course , and the majestic el yunque mountain and the other caribbean national rain forest mountain ranges .
at first we were disappointed .
we were to stay in a partial ocean view room , but we were upgraded to an ocean view room in the marina section , because of a convention that took all of the double queen beds .
the room was clean and neat .
the bellhop juan was very pleasant and informative .
we are from orlando and have stayed at several disney resorts .
in cleanliness and upkeep of the rooms and hallways and certain minor repairs needed el conquistador does not compete with disney .
when it comes to layout of the resort and the cliff side setting it beats disney hands down .
please be sure that you rent a car , unless of course you are loaded .
the restaurants are all expensive , but we knew that ahead of time .
the four of us had breakfast in las brisas restaurant one morning .
bill including tip was $90.00.
we basically ate outside of the hotel .
plenty of creole and american fast food restaurants .
palomino island was awesome , beautiful waters and beaches .
we plan to stay there again .
beautiful resort !
there were eight of us in our party , two families of four .
we travel a couple of times of year together and always go to the caribbean .
this was our first trip to pr and we were a bit concerned with all the mixed reviews .
we did know that it was very expensive to get to the hotel via shuttle so we decided to rent cars .
it was definitely the way to go .
thrifty had the best price for a car and it was a 40 minute easy drive to the hotel .
i should start by saying that i booked our trip through amex platinum business travel and were given an automatic upgrade on arrival with comp breakfast for two , normally $25 per person .
the hotel grounds were very beautiful and kept very clean .
we were in a recently renovated room and the view was beautiful .
the bathroom was quite large with a seperate walk in closet .
the room itself was beautiful , clean and well maintained .
we found the staff to be very helpful and accommodating .
we too were there during the chase and bank of america corporate events and my husband was unable to get a tee time because of it .
they certainly do cater to the needs of their corporate events over the regular guests .
we were fortunate to be there the week after easter and the resort was pretty empty or so it seemed .
our kids really loved the water park and we spent two full days there .
we were able to really relax as the park was small enough that we were able to keep an eye on the kids at all times .
it was safe and extremely clean .
the snack bar served decent food also .
the spa was beautiful and the massage was fantastic . food prices - i will say that there were restaurants that were slightly overpriced but we are from new jersey/new york and we 're used to paying top dollar for food anyway .
you 're on vacation ; if you constantly worry about the price of food this resort is not the place for you .
for the people whining about the prices should stay at a 2 star all inclusive resort and eat the same food everyday !
there was a mcd 's and church 's fried chicken 5 minutes from the hotel for the complainers !
the hibachi restaurant and stingray restaurant were fantastic .
casino - stay away ! you 'll never win in this casino !
palomino island - very beautiful and definitely worth the trip .
short private boat ride from the resort .
the sand is not powdery and soft but it was still a great time .
two decent bars/restaurants there for lunch . all in all , it was a great trip and the resort was beautiful .
el conq .
worked for us .
i just returned from a 4 day stay at the el conquistador with my 14 and 11 year old kids .
overall , we had a great time and we will be back for next years spring break .
the kids had a great time exploring the private island - palomino - especially during low tide .
the ferry to this private island was a short 7 minute ride and very relaxing so it was not a problem for us .
once we were there , we stayed until the last ferry returned at 5:30.
i do recommend bringing you own bottled water and snacks as things are very pricey - $6.00 for a virgin caribbean breeze and $8 if you want it with alcohol . the only negative i will say is the food cost .
this i hope will change over time as people like us write our reviews .
one night we ate at blossoms ( japanesse place ) and it was $160 for 3 people and 1 glass of wine - way over board for mediocre food . when we return next year , we will plan to have dinner off property more often until the hotel gets the hint . we did have a great time and the room we had ( las brias wing ) was clean , spacious and very comfortable .
el conquistador , puerto rico if you go in a large group , you must ask the waiters in the restaurant to give you individual checks before you start , or when you make your reservation . the restaurants in the hotel will charge you extra for bottled water , but the local tap water is fine .
watch out . the concierge , semi , was incredibly helpful .
we ate twice in local off campus restaurants , both of which were terrific .
they were his suggestions , he set up the transportation , and made the experiences top shelf . the golf course is incredible .
one of the most beautiful and chalenging we have ever played .
the coupiers were all friendly and helpfull , as were the pit bosses .
again , a nice experience . ca not wait to go back .
awesome place we recently stayed at the conquistador during the first week of july .
my wife and 2 teenagers as well as myself were really impressed with the faciltiy and staff .
the highlight of our trip was definitely palomino island .
great snorkeling , friendly service on the island and just a great time .
as part of our trip to puerto rico , we wanted to travel the island , therfore we rented a car .
only one complaint i have was the hotel 's parking facility .
finding a parking spot was an adventure , and when you have a problem at the parking lot , no one can help you .
when we went to the hotel and spoke the parking people about our situation , they could care less . , , later we found out that the parking is owned or operated by a third party . despite the parking fiasco the rest of our stay was remarkable and we plan on returning .
( hopefully parking situation will be resolved by then ) 
wow ! ! ! well , i was a little afraid of some of the reviews about the el con , but the pics were so nice , i just decided to think positive and hope for the best .
i was definitely pleased with the property of the hotel .
the buildings and landscaping were awesome .
the resort is extremely large , and there are different sections , so i can speak for them all .
i think we were in the las brisas section , which had ocean views .
the rooms were clean and up to date , so i 'm not sure what some of the reviewers mean by outdated and dirty .
the beds were a little hard , i have to admit , and my husband and i think we have been bitten by bedbugs , but it could possibly be mosquitos .
overall , the resort is beautiful .
there is the private beach which is a short ferry ride away .
the one complaint i have about that is the cable car that goes to the marina .
there are supposed to be 2, but only one was working , so the wait was a little inconvenient .
so besides the beds and the cable cars , i give the resort itself an a+on the negative side , we felt that they tried to squeeze as much money as possible out of us .
it was ridiculous .
internet service was 15.00 a day !
not 15 bucks for the duration of the stay , which still would have been a lot , but each 24 hr period , was $15.
there was a bakery/internet cafe , that had only 2 computers , which for the size of the resort was clearly insufficient . the restaurants were ridiculously overpriced , a single scoop ice cream cone was $5.
a hamburger was $13.
the bottled water in our room was $7. come on .
we didnt eat a single thing at the resort .
we also rented a car for our stay and the parking was $15-20 per day . the front desk was kind enough to tell us to use our cell phones because the phone usage was like 9 dollars a minute .
it was a great place to stay , i would stay again , but i would remain mindful of what i was willing to spend .
the grounds and private beach were superior , but i think we made out well and beat the crowd by coming days after hurricane dean .
beautiful hotel , all in all good bet we just got back from a week at this hotel .
the property is beautiful .
you ca not beat the views .
we had rooms in the la vistas wing , the ground floor so we had a nice walk out patio , i would highly recommend .
the only downside of this location is that they host quite a few parties and they were all right outside of our room so we had very loud music and parties going until late and since we were traveling with our 4 kids this was not what we needed .
the manager was nice he knocked off one nights room for the inconvience which was nice .
do not eat at caribe cafe , the food is mediocre and the service is terrible .
i do not care how much cheaper it is , it is not worth it .
they tried to charge me 30 bucks for a chicken sandwhich that i never order and never ate . the pools are nice , the island is great , soft sand . beware of room service .
my kids ordered it 3 nights in a row and each night it too 1 1/2 hours to get the food .
i am not exaggeratting .
the order was also wrong two of the three nights they brought chocolate covered strawberries to say sorry , i would rather of had the meal free .
good overall we had a pretty good time .
the hotel itself i found beautiful .
we stayed in the renovated wing and had an incredible view of the water .
our room was very modern .
we found the staff very responsive to our requests . our
only problem was the extra costs .
i do understand that food will be expensive , but the quality did not quite match the price .
i also found some of the add - ons a little annoying .
our bill had a $10 fee for the bellman and $3 for housekeeping , both of whom we had already tipped .
we probably would 've anyway because , as i mentioned , the service was great .
i did think everything was overpriced , but on par with other five star hotels .
a paradise getaway after reading mixed reviews of the el conquistador hotel , i did not know what to expect .
yes , the food and beverages were highly over priced .
do yourself a big favor and stop off at the walgreen 's (3 on the way to hotel ) and stock up on water , snacks , soda , cooler and snorkel gear you will save a small fortune .
renting a car is the best way to go so you are not stuck at the resort and paying the ridiculous food prices .
do not book anything through the hotel !
if you rent a car go visit el yunque on your own and go as early as possible , opens at 7:30 to avoid the mass tourists .
rainforest is truly a wonderful experience a must to see .
be prepared for plenty of walking .
there is also a fishing marina at the end of the el conquistador ave .
where the food is outstanding and the prices more reasonable .
david 's cookies at the resort had pastries and bagels at an affordable price , best place at the resort for the cost .
okay everthing at the resort is over - priced , but the view and grounds are absolutely breath - taking !
pools were clean and well - maintained .
palomino island was so much fun and absolutely gorgeous ! ! ! ! !
if you have your own snorkel gear bring it .
many coral reefs and plenty of fish to find , even saw a sea turtle ( water shoes a must ) .overall this was my best family vacation , plenty to see or just relax , everyone on the island is extremely nice .
if price is a concern there are many places to eat outside the resort if you have transportation .
enjoy this wonderful , magical place .
good for a weekend of sun just spent a long weekend ( thurs ~ mon ) at the el conquistador in puerto rico .
i read a few of the reviews here on tripadvisor , and have to say they were mostly accurate and very helpful in managing my expectations . the hotel is huge ( close to 1,000 rooms , several buildings ) and does cater heavily to corporate groups .
during my stay , there were bankers and insurance agents .
it does offer all the horrors of an over - built , extremely touristy place with the expected customer base .
my room in the main building was not bad - - essentially a low - end hyatt/sheraton type set up , but certainly no bedbugs ( mattresses are encased in a sturdy looking cover ) or dank bathrooms .
housekeeping was decent too .
and just as most of the reviewers on tripadvisors said , the employees are friendly/helpful , and the place is big enough to escape whatever scene you want to avoid .
yes , the food is not cheap , but they have enough restaurants on premise to choose from , hi - end to mid - range .
what 's weird is things like bottled water have a wide price range depending on where you buy it .
beyond price , you ca not come here thinking you 're in for a gastronomic treat .
the food , at best , is ok , and if you come from a place that 's food - obsessed ( ny , chicago , sf , la , etc . ) , you will be disappointed .
for me , the best part was the access to their 'private ' island ( i doubt they really own it . . . it also allows non - hotel guets to visit especially if they come by their own boats ) via high - speed boats that simply go back and forth from 9 am till 5:30 pm .
similar to the hotel , even though it 's a small island with limited beach real estate , you can still find a way to 'escape ' the mob .
a quick hike up and then down a dirt road leads you to a completely deserted patch of beach ( there are two such 'coves ' as indicated on the island map ) , where i was every day .
every now and then another hiker or two would come around , but otherwise i had the small patch to myself and really liked it .
the weather too , was unbeatable .
so while not exactly cheap , it 's not a bad place to go for a long weekend .
mostly good stayed in february over president 's week .
we arrived a few days before the busy weekend .
the pool was quiet and the staff relaxed .
a few times the pool staff passed around complimentary fruit .
the facilities are a bit tired , our casita could have used some updating and was not very clean . but it was nice and the service was good .
we had reserved a newspaper to arrive daily and of course only got it 4 times .
it was those little touches that were missing or ignored .
do not eat at the hotel .
the food is overpriced and really not that good .
we ate at blossoms and otellos are both were just ok .
we had a horrible situation at otellos but it was not the food .
there was a group of 10, 4 adults , 6 over tired , over spoiled toddlers or younger and these children screamed endlessly the entire meal .
the pathetic parents did not do a thing to stop it .
now , the reason we blame the staff for this is that no one walked over and asked the parents to keep their children quiet .
they did not seem to care that the other patrons in the restaurant were being tortured . pasion was fabulous , we ate there 2 times .
metropol was good , la estacion was just ok .
funky atmosphere , but the food was just ok .
we only went to palomino once and it was nice but alot of work to get to from las casitas .
we had a rental car ( from charleys , they were great to deal with ) and it paid for itself in a week .
we went to luquillo beach which was fabulous , seven seas beach was beautiful .
we even ate lunch at the kiosks on luquillo beach which was great , and cheap .
having a rental car really helps make the visit more pleasurable . i 'd recommend this hotel with some reservations but overall we had a great time .
had a great president 's day weekend i 've read all the reviews on this web site before and after our trip .
overall i 'd say they are fairly accurate , it is possible to have a wonderful stay at the el conquistador at a very reasonable cost .
we upgraded to a newly renovated room in las brisas , which had brand new ultramodern furniture ( and white lcd tv ) and a spectacular view .
when we were there they had a sign at the check in desk offering this .
also by staying in the central part of the large property , nothing was very far away .
we actually took evening walks all around for exercise and to enjoy the lovely grounds , stars and fresh air .
the newly renovated exercise room ( included in the resort charge ) was great with a view of the water .
i am a golfer and i really enjoyed the course .
it was great to have a championship layout instead of a resort course .
i played once at 1pm for a much more reasonable $100 and once at 3:30 for $70 ( rather than the normal $175) .
the times i played the course was pretty empty ( except for the plentiful iguanas everywhere ) i also hit balls on the range for $15 ( a little pricey but i got my money 's worth with unlimited balls ) .
wife and daughter used the spa once which they enjoyed . we did not spend time at the main pools which were quite crowded and more of the 3.5 to 4 star ambience .
we loved the island including the ferry ride .
yes it takes awhile to get there , its an island out in the ocean .
the boats were modern and fast . food was about what we expected , we alternated breakfasts between the cafe caribe ( coffee shop ) in the lobby and the las brisas buffet .
prices in the cafe were pretty reasonable for basic breakfasts .
buffet was high at $25 , although we enjoyed the great fruit and omlettes and ate enough to skip lunch . the fresh local catch at stingray 's ( dorado and tuna ) was excellent and we went there twice for the same thing .
the other hotel restaurants did not appeal to us and appeared pretty expensive .
one night we had salads and pizzas outside which was all we wanted .
i played texas hold em in the casino ( they have one table ) and it was fun .
in room internet was very fast if expensive at $15 a day .
service is available in the lobby for $5/hr , pcs or wifi . staff was great all around . just dont expect a five star experience , until the new owners are able to complete their capital improvements .
we met lots of families and they were having a great time .
nice place this was my second time here .
i was with my wife and a bunch of other couples .
the hotel itself needs some updating but the grounds are beautiful .
the food was very good and the staff was very pleasant .
the views are magnificent .
the beach , which you have to go to by boat (8 min ride ) was very nice .
overall this experience was a pleasant one , but i would not go back unless the hotel was updated .
great vacation !
ok , i felt compelled to check back on this site to see what had been written laterly , and really felt compelled to post another opinion based on our stay . we went to el conquistador december 26 - jan 1.
our experience was remarkably different from most overall , but consistent in some areas . . . .we do christmas week in the caribbean every year and have somehow become accustomed to overpaying for our hotel , but this is always the best time for us to travel with our 7- year old who is in school . we had a great time !
the resort was packed with families , many from the northeast .
the vibe during the whole week was very enthusiastically holiday , and fun . here are some specifics : - - - our hotel room was great , actually .
they upgraded us from garden view to partial oceaan view .
yes , they are renovating , but they are doing one entire wing at one time , which is not seen by those stayin at the hotel .
a new wing is being consteucted , but it does not get in the way of any view or walking path in the entire resort .
our room was clean , well taken care of by housekeeping .
many new room amenities - coffee maker , refrigerators , blowdryers , sound system , etc .
little things , but they are definitely trying to update the rooms as quickly as possible .
it appeared that all our towels and bedding ( down comforters and duvet ) were brand new .
- - - they brought us happy holiday gift basket the first night with lots of local treats and snacks , it was very nice . - - -
on the first day at palomino island , we did need to wait for about 25 minutes for a ferry , but it was because the line for transport to the island was so long , and they limit the number of passengers on each ferry .
the ferry consistently ran every 20 - 30 minutes , and we watched as they tested new 8- minute ferry boats which will be used soon . - - -
palomino island was gorgeous , and quite busy each day .
the first two days after christmas were packed - not many available chairs ( and there are hundreds ) but after that , the crowds slimmed down .
they had wait staff bringing lunch and drinks to your chairs , had bands , and organized volleyballs games , even a sand castle contest for the kids on our last day . we even rented a car to try out other local beaches ( loquillo ) and the rain forest .
we left and went back to palomino . - - -
there was only one time one of the funiculars going down to the marina area was broken and it was fixed within 15 minutes .
if you have thousands of people taking anything up and down or back and forth 24/7 there will be problems .
and the staff quickly fixed it . - - -
we agreed with everyone else that the restaurants were just ridiculously over - priced .
just outrageous .
food was ok .
we went to otello 's ( just ok ) , stingray ( our best meal there ) and strip house ( ok ) .
we 're lucky to live in a city with great restaurants and have pretty high standards .
so we were disappointed by the food for the price , but we took another reviews advice and bought food for snacks and breakfast .
they should have kids ' meals at kids ' pricing .
$12 for buttered bow tie pasta is just manslaughter .
yes , i am embarassed to say that we paid that but sometimes on vacation you are irrational and say what the hell .
some nights we just ordered a pizza .
we ate outside the resort and the hotel has a list for you to try .
we ate at con pepe ( i think that 's the name ) near the entrance ot the westin and it was amazing , and much more reasonable . - - -
in general , the pricing for snacks , candy and drinks , even at the convenience store there , was about 4 times what you would expect to pay , even at the local stores ( $3.99 for a bag of lays chips already marked as $1.39.
$ 3.89 for usa today .
that kind of thing ) - - - the pools and grounds were beautiful .
- - - our daughter did not do the kids ' club , but we heard glowing reviews and the first few days there were about 20 kids in teh club participating in activities .
each night they had movies and other games to keep kids busy .
we were lucky to hook up with parents who had kids of similar ages , so making friends while there was not a problem for our 7- year old . - - -
transportation from the airport was timely , nice , with drinks on board , but very expensive ( $178 round trip for 3) . - - -
we dive and snorkel , and had a good experience with casa del mar , the padi group on site . - - -
staff for baggage was just waiting to please .
falling over themselves .
it was great .
we called on night for packs of coffee , not really expecting someone in housekeeping to have 3 packs at our door within 10 minutes .
they had turn down service each evening and were exceedingly polite with every request we made . i hope to post some images as soon as i get the time to download our cameras .
hope this helps !
great place to relax and enjoy the resort my wife and i stayed at the el conquistador for our 1 year anniversary oct 1st -6th .
we read all the reviews prior to taking our trip so alot of it was expected .
i think in general , all the reviews are accurate . weather - near the end of hurricane season , we were somewhat worried about the weather , but it was 85-90 each day partly cloudy .
when the sun was out , it was hot , there was a breeze by the pool and also on the island . food - the food is expensive .
$10-15 for a burger , $25-45 for a dinner entree .
however , the food is good quality .
actually the breakfast at the caribe cafe was priced pretty well $6-9 for entrees , and the coffee shops had bagels , muffins that we priced ok .
so you could start the day off with a good meal and a good price .
we did not do the buffett at las brisas , as it was closed ( i think it was $20 a person anyhow ) .we found the ballyhoo bar and grill at the marina to have the best lunch menu and moderate prices .
the burgers , sandwiches and quesadillas were all good .
the main grill on palomino was closed and the secondary grill was ok , but the prices were higher .
alot of people have said good things about the pizza at the pool , but we did not think it was too good .
dinner at otellos ( italian ) was very good .
dinner at blossoms ( chinese ) was ok .
i think if they just lowered some of their prices $5- $10, they 'd have no complaints .
hotel - as with others at this time , we were in the la vistas section , we originally had a garden view , but they gave us a free upgrade to an ocean view , which overlooked the main pool/ocean and with a nice balcony .
the sunrise comes up on this side .
the room itself was in need of an upgrade .
just older stuff , it would be a nice room with renovations .
they are doing major renovations to other parts of the hotel ( bristas wing ) so i assume , they 'll upgrade this one once the other is done .
renovations of rooms and a waterpark are said to be completed in 2006-2007.
they are also updating their boats .
in the offseason , it definately is a much more laid back hotel .
it 's like you have it to yourself , so it 's quiet .
some of the restaurants are closed , since there are not that many people but there are still plenty of choices .
we spent a day by the main pool and that was nice , as we were close to our hotel room , and also close to the pool bar and servers .
we also found the infinity pool in the casitas , and that was a great view as well .
i could see how these would be crowded in the main season .
i thought it was pretty easy to get around with the funicular ( tram ) to take you to the marina section and the boat to take you to palomino island .
we enjoyed the boat ride .
we spent a couple days out at palomino island .
it 's definately pretty cool to have your own island .
we took the first 9am ride out in the morning and along with a couple other people had the island to ourselves .
there are plenty of towels/chairs/umbrellas to use on the island .
it 's set up pretty well .
the water does have coral in it , so at times the bottom is rocky .
we did find a nice patch further out that became smooth sand again .
so try to go past the 1st section .
if it 's hot and you want a breeze , go right when getting off the boat ( best beach also ) .
but if the wind picks up and it get 's cloudy , stay on the left side or close to the dock ( less wind ) .
spa - my wife loved the spa .
she said it was very worth the money .
she got a 60 minute massage .
she highly recommends the services there .
she said the massage was great and the setting was perfect . golf - i guess on tues/thurs during the offseason they have discounted rates on golf after 1pm .
so it was $70 to play 18. ( they are in the processes of building a 9 hole course ) .
the golf course is really nice and all the tee boxes are positioned high , so alot of your drives will go quite a bit further 100-150 yards .
it 's pretty interesting .
the course was very well taken care of .
the fairways are pretty straight and open , so it 's an easy course to play .
lots of iguanas roaming the fairways which goes along with the views of the mountains .
all in all , this hotel is a good choice .
i think once the renovations are completed , it may be a great hotel .
in the offseason it 's a good choice for relaxing and water sports .
i would not recommend it for night life if that 's what your looking for or for socializing , as there are not many people there ( i 'm speaking about the offseason ) .but for a getaway of sun , surf , pools , golf , spa and food , it 's a good choice .
also , the staff at the hotel was very friendly and attentive .
**ps , if you connect in ny at jfk for jetblue , the san juan connection is in terminal 4, you have to take a shuttle train which can take time** 
a fantastic resort and island let me start of by saying if you travel to the el con you will have a wonderful vacation .
pleas do not believe all the negative hype on the site .
it?? just not true .
we recently returned from an 8 night stay at the resort and found that it met or exceeded our expectations .
we had a party of 7 (4 adults , 3 children ages 10, 13 and 14) .
we are from nj and ct and have traveled to many locals with and with our children over the years .
we can be picky but i must say everyone had an enjoyable time .
here 's the deal - we arrived at the resort tuesday july 25th .
we rented a minivan which i would suggest doing .
it gave us the freedom to explore and go off the resort to local restaurants for dinner .
the hotel shuttle is about $66 r/t per person .
our two families split the rental which came to about $250 per family and we had use of a car all week long .
they do charge daily for parking but i suggest when you depart you ask for some of that to be removed from the bill .
we waited for our car from valet one night for about 45min .
we mentioned that before we checked out and were only charged 3 nights for parking .
the staff is very accommodating but you 'll have to put in a little time and effort to get exactly what you want/except .
check - in was somewhat slow .
the rooms we had been promised were booked ( in the las brisas bldg ) .
apparently there was a large wedding taking place over the weekend and the entire building had been reserved .
they put us in the vista wing of the hotel overlooking the pool with a spectacular ocean view .
these rooms were a bit smaller than what we had reserved .
the told us they could move us on thursday to a newer building adjacent to the vistas .
this building had larger rooms ( king bed with pull - out couch ) and had 6 floors instead of 4 and a balcony .
they put us on the 6th floor .
i suggest this part of the resort or las brisas when traveling with kids .
the resort is large and you will be in a central locale to all the resort has to offer .
the rooms we were in were not falling apart .
they were very clean ; beds were comfortable and not really outdated .
the bathroom was quite large and in great shape .
ac worked well too .
the resort has many restaurants .
the prices tend to be somewhat expensive but no more than you would pay at any other resort .
i must say that we didn?? have one bad meal at the resort .
the food was very good .
you can do a casual meal outside on the patio overlooking the pool or a more formal one at stingrays or blossoms .
do yourself a favor .
get some food for the room like bagels , cereal etc if you want to save a bit of money .
the room has a coffee machine .
we also bought some rum and beer on hand to make drinks .
the only issue i has was paying $5.50 for a bottle of beer .
go to the local supermarket and get a styrofoam cooler for $2.00 and fill it up .
rooms also have small refrigerators too .
the pools were clean and refreshing .
there are 3 pools and a waterslide on the main level .
i would also suggest going over to las casitas to swim in the infinity pool .
although it states that only guests of the casitas can utilize the pool , we went several times and were handed towels from the staff .
no one will bother you .
it?? a beautiful pool with a magnificent view .
palomino island was also a favorite among our group .
taking the boat ride to the island is fun and enjoyable .
once you arrive on the beautiful island , everything you need is there .
food , drinks , lounge chairs , towels , snorkeling gear , jet skis etc etc .
the beach is a bit rocky when entering the water but once you get into the beautiful caribbean , you??l forget all about it .
the resort is going through a $95 million renovation .
i will admit it does need some tlc here and there but you will not get the spectacular views , beautiful beaches and above average accommodations at another resort in puerto rico .
we all enjoyed our vacation and all agreed it was well worth the money spent .
ps - don?? miss out on the bio bay tour , it?? so close to the hotel .
ask the concierge to give you the info for island tours .
ask for havier .
it was a fantastic experience 
el conquistador was great hotel to stay just returned from stay at el conquistador and had a great stay from 6/15 to 6/19/06.
weather was great .
their island is wonderful .
they only take your room key on island and yes you have to take a boat over but they run both ways every 30 minutes .
was very concerned from reviews i had read before departure , but we did not have any problems with hotel staff or food .
the rooms do need remodeling and that will began in 2007.
they are currently adding an additional 200 rooms .
the el yunque rain forest was great .
we did the hike and it was so much fun .
also rode horses at foot of the rain forest .
my daughter did the bioluminescence excursion and said it was awesome but not for small children .
very dark and at times you have to hang onto the trees while others are passing your group and one never knows what is in the tree at the time you go to grab on !
i passed on this one .
group leaves at 8pm and returns at 11pm and lots of hard work .
yes the food is expensive but hey your are on vacation - enjoy .
the property was beautiful and grounds were well maintained .
the golden spa was wonderful .
my daughter and i had a great time .
we went to have a good time and we did .
excursions were all worth the money .
we booked on line in advance because they do sell out fast - so do not wait !
others with our group did complain about the trip into san juan .
it was 3 hours on the bus and they were rushed once they got there . this was our first time to puerto rico and we had a great time .
the el conquistador should be back up to high ratings once remodeling is complete .
that end of the island was so beautiful we just enjoyed our trip .
we were nice to the staff and they were nice to us . so if you were concerned about having a terrible vacation from the prior reviews - be happy and enjoy your stay at el conquistador !
beautiful resort but pricey !
my husband and i stayed at this resort for a trip i had won through southern living at home .
i have to say that i was very nervous with all the bad reviews of this hotel but the trip was free so of course , we took the chance .
the bus ride is a long one , but i caught a nap !
our check in was a little bit different since the resort was sold out for slah .
check in was not the greatest , we went to check in at 3:45 after standing in line for quite some time ( again , due to 1100 people checking in that day ) and was told that the room would be ready at 4pm .
i had to stand in another line to see if my room was ready and finally it was at around 4:30ish .
the bad thing is that while we waited for our room , there was not a single bar open .
we went to the casino and the guy there was very nice and went back and got us 3 beers and a pina colada on the house and urged us to complain to the front desk .
they ended up giving us an oceanview room so we were pleased .
we found the staff to be very , very nice .
if i would have paid their normal rate , i might have been a little disappointed in the room .
i would say it was average .
the room had a good amount of space with a nice balcony but it could use an update , but nothing appeared to be dirty and we did not see any signs of mildew or anything else that others have complained about .
the bathroom area is huge and there is a very large walk in closet with a safe .
the actual bathroom with the toilet and shower is small but there is a large dressing area that has a fridge and very big mirror and sink to get ready in .
that was a definite plus !
one thing i will warn you about is that the prices there are outragous !
i almost passed out when i saw the menus !
18.00 for a hamburger , 16.00 for a hot dog , 9.00 for a glass of wine at one of the restaurants ( for an average pinot grigio ) and 7.00 for a corona .
we wised up pretty quickly and jumped in a cab the following morning to the closest grocery store .
that ride cost us 40.00 but the rate is set by the govt .
we stocked up on liquor , snacks and other stuff because we were not paying those prices !
the bally hoo bar down by the marina had reasonable prices , 10.00 for quesadillas i did not think was too bad and they were good !
the only other place we ate at was at stingray .
the food was excellent and the prices not too out of line .
waiting for a taxi is an issue , we had to wait for an hour to get a taxi and found out later that we could have walked there ( which we did on the way back ) .
the conceriege did not relay this info to us but we went to ocean view .
if you are looking for a quick dinner , you wo not get it there but the food is great , it appears to be a hole in the wall that is family owned but again , you are not there for the atmosphere !
we all laughed about it later , i think we were there about 2 1/2 hours .
they do the best the can and we were glad we went . there are definitely some negatives to this resort but some awesome positives .
we had no problem at all taking the ferry over to the island , we did have to stand in line at times but we loved the island .
there are wild rabbits there that are huge and they will walk right up to you and let you feed them .
that was cool .
the swimming was great , lots and lots of seaweed on one side .
the other side is extremely breezy and the beach is rocky rather than seaweed .
lots of people were finding starfish in the water .
some idiots decided to take them home which we knew was illegal but they do not seem to realize that a living creature is inside the starfish .
we played with our for awhile and swam around with it and it 's awesome how gently it latches on to your hand and is very flexible in your palm , we of course put it back where we found it .
we did spot several jellyfish so be careful and i got a great glimpse of a large stingray .
we snorkeled of course , it 's better snorkeling on the other side where it is breezy but be sure to bring your water shoes . overall , great trip since it was free and the views are spectacular .
being more prepared with snacks going in would be good to save some money !
great place !
i must say that my wife and i were a little skeptical of the el con based on some of the poor reviews but we just got back from a weeks stay and it was great !
here are the few minor negatives :1) yes the rooms are a tad outdated and need some updating .
the fact of the matter however was we slept in the room and that was about it .
we did not go to the resort to rot in our room .
furthermore we had a beautiful view of the gorgeous golf course , the mountains and the atlantic ocean .2) yes it is expensive .
be ready to spend some serious money on food .
having said that we thought the meals were very good and we were on vacation and ready to spend the money realizing we were at a resort which usually means big bucks for the food .
we actually made an excursion into town and bought things like water , soda , chips , wine etc .
it helped offset some of the expenses .
we also ordered room services for dinner a few times which saved us a few bucks and we had romantic dinners on our terrace . the positives :1) the layout of the resort and the location is awesome .
set in the cliffs of pr overlooking the atlantic  caribean .2) great golf course .
play after 4pm and get a discounted rate .3)
great food .
we tried almost every restaurant and loved them all .4)
great pools .
there are 5 pools and a private beach .
you can always find a lounge chair and never feel like you are on top of other visitors . we just really had a nice time . . . .other hints : go to the rain forest its only about a 15 minute drive away . . . plan a trip to the casa bacardi - - - lots of fun and the tours are free ! ! rent a car at the airport .
you can get a car for about a $300 a wk and park it at the hotel for $15 a day .
it is worth it to have the flexibility to do what you want when you want and it ends up saving you money on tours and taxi 's . i ca not recommend the el con enough .
do not be afraid of the negative reviews .
beautiful hotel .
the el conquistador is a beautiful hotel , and i would highly recommend it to anyone staying in puerto rico .
the grounds are expansive and the landscaping in beautiful .
we did not have any problems with check - in , or with the staff .
the pool are is very nice and it has great views of the ocean .
i tried the scuba diving and it was amazing .
there is a nice casino , and a game room for the kids .
the restaurants were expensive , but that can be expected .
i have stayed in many hotels in the caribbean and all of the restaurants are overpriced .
i ate at stingrays - fish , otello 's - italian , blossoms - chinese and japanese , and isabella 's - international .
all of these restaurants were very good .
we waited a long time for our food , but that is expected during easter week .
the one downside to this hotel was getting to the beach .
the hotel is on a high cliff so you first must take a funicular to the marina at the bottom of the cliff .
then you must take a ferry which runs about every 20 min .
to palomino island .
palomino island is beautiful but the trip is inconvenient .
other than that , i had a wonderful time and i would return .
one of my favorite resorts we just got home from this resort ( our 5th visit ) and we did notice some problems so we talked to many of the staff people and they informed us of the many new changes that are coming now that wyndham no longer owns them .
apparently , the new ownership plans to remodel every room , build a new funicular that will cut across the high hill , build a new water park for children , have an adult only pool , etc .
in two years these changes will make it the wonderful and elegant destination it 's always been .
they do not intend to raise rooms rates as they recognize that they 're high already .
they want people to get what they pay for in service and room appointments .
we intend to go back in two years to see all these new changes , in the meantime hang in there , they 're working on it .
wonderful relaxing get - away my husband and i just returned from a 4 night stay at the el con where we had a wonderful , relaxing caribbean get - away .
based on the wide range of prior reviews , i was a bit anxious about the place but can now heartily recommend this resort to those seeking magnificent scenery and a relaxed atmosphere .
overall , we found the accommodations to be comfortable , clean , and spacious .
we were initially booked into an ocean view room in la vistas overlooking the pool area which was adequate .
however , the hotel staff were very accommodating in moving us upon request to las brisas wing to a more spacious room with a balcony providing a better view and secluded feel .
las brisas is very convenient to the main hotel area with pools , casino , restaurants , as well as to the funicular to access the marina .
yes , the furniture is a bit dated and there were just a few stains on the carpet , but easily overlooked in comparison to the positives .
in terms of service , the staff were helpful , polite , and efficient . . . but you do have to account for island time and not put yourself on a tight schedule .
we had better luck with face - to - face requests versus trying to get staff on the phone . we opted to rent a jeep at the airport and were very glad we did as it gave us flexibility to sightsee , tour el yunque rain forest on our time table ( this sight is a must for nature lovers ) , and cut down on eating expenses by purchasing drinks , wine , and snacks at a nearby grocery store .
one warning , driving in puerto rico is not for the faint - hearted .
the jeep came in very handy given the road conditions .
if you can get off property , i would highly recommend the food and service of el pasions restaurant located just down the road .
be prepared to pay resort prices for all food on site .
we did enjoy a superb seafood meal at stingrays ( at the marina ) . . .the atmosphere , food quality , and service were well worth the price . the beach at palomino island was very enjoyable and well cared for .
if you decide to snorkle , i would suggest going on the morning excursion as the afternoon anchored at only one site .
again , if you slow down and enjoy , you will not consider the boat ride over to the island or the funicular to be an inconvenience .
although we took the advice of others and closely checked our bill upon checking out , we found no inaccuracies .
this resort is not for the penny concious but i would highly recommend it to others and would go again in a heart beat .
beautiful property !
after reading all of the reviews of the hotel , i was very excited to be able to see it first hand and give my own opinion .
i 've been in the hotel business for many years and done a lot of traveling to various places and various types of properties .
overall , it was a very enjoyable trip .
the facility is beautiful ( grounds , pools , island etc . )
it is older , but pretty well kept up , not perfect , but certainly very nice .
the only real complaint for our two families that visited were the guest rooms .
they were tired .
not dirty , just older .
bedspreads and carpt were fine .
but , when tile and furnishings get older , they are hard to keep looking fresh .
we had one room with ocean view in the las vistas building and one overlooking the marina in that section .
both just need some perking up and new furnishings .
the bathrooms need new tile etc .
when you pay these prices . . . you do want to have a very plush room to go along with it . the nicer restaurants were expensive , but you have other options at all times .
we enjoyed blossoms ( asian ) , isabelas ( steakhouse ) and stingray ( seafood ) .
anyone that says that there were no other options , did not take the time to look for them .
if you did not want to spend the money on the finer dining restaurants in the evening , then you certainly could have enjoyed bella vista ( over the pool ) , the cafe , or the marina restaurant .
if you did not want to have the breakfast buffet , there is a cafe or a couple of different places to get quick things .
we thought lunch on the island was fantastic !
probably the best fish and chips i ever had !
prices were a bit high . . . but not for resort standards .
we did not get a chance to enjoy the burger place at the main pool . . . but heard it was great !
the childrens menus were very reasonable everywhere . it was high season , but we never had trouble getting chairs , umbrellas , or towels .
we found the workers very nice .
service is slow . . . again , pretty standard for that area .
but , everyone was very pleasant .
we were not charged for anything that we did not order and felt completely safe everywhere we went .
the property is undergoing a lot of renovation over the next couple of years and will be very fun to visit again when it is complete .
but , i would not hesitate going back before then .
" no photos here . . . .just the facts . . . " okay .
where do i begin ?
my wife and i went to the el conquistador from nov 17 - 21.
we flew on spririt airlines .
it 's the only direct service to san jaun pr from fl .
i highly recommend using them .
no frills , but very reasonable service and price for the flight .
many of the reviews we read before going were mixed as noted in most other peoples comments .
it can make choosing el conquistador difficult .
one must remember that your not in america when traveling to pr or elsewhere .
i never get those who complain about visiting other countries .
they travel abroad and then want it to be just like america .
my advice for these types , a bit uptight , finicky , and need perfection , you might want to stay home and vacation in fl .
pr is american owned , no passport needed is needed .
there is no language barrier , most speak excellent english . we went on the getaway package .
buy one spa service and get the second free , as well as water stuff .
only negative to it .
you 're only allowed one servie per day under the special buy one , get one .
no big deal , we just scheduled one service per day : - ) .
we took the el conquistador bus from the airport .
no reservations needed .
just get your luggage and walk to the bus area outside .
you ca not miss the bus , there is writing all over it with el conquistador logos .
it 's a bit of a walk and $32.00 per person each way .
something no one told us about .
as expected , an hour bus ride to the hotel .
it 's not 1/2 hour as they may tell you .
the resort is spectacular !
we had been upgraded to a full ocean view with a walk out balcony .
incredibly beautiful views .
we were in las vistas part .
a very good location .
close wlaking to spa and casino and restraunts .
i heard las brisas section is very nice also .
only some rooms have a walk - out balcony , others just a railing from preventing you from falling out .
i think the confusion from all the different hotel ratings comes from the room .
if your going to look at the room as most important part of your trip and rating this hotel , that 's real important to you , this would be a three star room/hotel .
it was older , but clean .
my wife and i find that the views are important for romance , the service , beach , food , and drinks .
in which case this is a five star resort .
the food and service are excellent !
if money is not five star french rest .
was awesome .
there is plenty to do for activites if you 're into that .
we prefer to lay back and relax .
one review i read said you were not experiencing the pr culture at the resort .
as in many places around the world , you 're not .
it is secluded , but they do have van trips into san jaun and cabs if you 're into that . the spa was fabulous .
service awesome .
we highly recommend the spa !
we liked the boat ride to the beach - 20 min - no additional cost .
beach and drinks were awesome .
my wife says i 'm rambling on , but my last comments are regarding the price .
i wish this resort were all - inclusive .
i figure we spent an additional $600 - $800 here over the four days , rather than an all - inclusive resort .
the drinks are $8.00 each .
morning breakfast is $50.00 for two .
dinner at any place is $80 - $120 for two .
we figured we spent about $25 for lunch because we always split a snack .
it 'll vary on what you drink .
we had three drinks each while on the beach .
probably another two or three thru the day and night .
we 're not real big drinkers .
if you are , it could get expensive . bottomline , yes it 's expensive , it 's a wonderful resort .
if you 're worried about saving money , look for an all - inclusive .
i hope this has helped someone .
a2 out .
a wonderful trip with a 3 yr .
old , but all reviews true ! well i had changed my resort from the dorado to the conquistador and i am glad i did because it was great for my 3 yr old , but before i get into the kid aspect i will give you my most honest opinions . the conquistador is no longer a wyndham hotel its now owned by a new company ( blackstone group i think its called ) so i was a little concerned upon starting our vacation , but there was no way to know that it had changed especially since everything still said wyndham on itand they did honor our wyndham by request card !
the transfer provided from the hotel was great clean and efficient , it was a 45- to an hour drive to resort , but a pleasant drive .
when we arrived at the hotel we were checked in and taken to our room .
this is the part of the review that rings true about the staff issues . we were taken to our room down by the marina .
the bellman took us the back way to our room , i was mortified he took us the way of the help all i kept thinking was what kind of resort is this no flowers , no palm trees it was horrible .
when we reached our room there was mold everywhere the paint peeling in the bathroom and dust caked on the vents , all i could think was what kind of hole did i pick for us to vacation in ! the bellman then went to show me the armoire and the door fell off !
the bellman then skooted off as if everything was fine  we did not even matter and this was a normal hotel room ( mind you this was the deluxe oceanview ) i immediatley called the front desk upset and said this was not ok .
now i understand that i am on island time but i had a hungry and tired husband  child well anyway 45 minutes later they moved us to a much , much nicer room that was clean and really nice with a great view .
i have to be honest the newer staff were alot more accomodating and helpful than more senior employees .
i think the only other big issue i had was that no one came to take away old roomservice for almost 48hrs trays just sat with left overs and soon enough a glass was smashed in front of our room .
its almost as if roomservice clean up had no importance throughout the marina area its strange ! but
i noticed people started putting their trays by the icemachines just to get it away from thier doors !
but anyway besides that we had an incredible time .
the food was pricey but very good , we were disappointed that there was mexican food but not puerto rican .
the hotel itself is large and if you are physically limited ( bad back etc . ) i 'd rethink it .
the views were spectacular the overall cleanliness was very good in the resturants and bathrooms .
the little shops were great to shop in !
the art work and sculptures in the hotel were beautiful . the outdoor cafes were relaxing and lovely !
now onto my favorite part palomino island . i loved it , we all loved it was like a getaway each day within your vacation . the ride to the island was maybe 10 min .
and it was a beautiful ride .
nothing could be more beautiful ! it was just perfect for us snorkeling off the beach and the water was so calm my little one could just wade in it without any problem .
the water was so clear that you could watch the fish swim around you , my 3 year old loved it !
it was a very child friendly beach ! ! !
all of the restaurants had chocolate milk and kids meals so that was great and the waiters at the cafe caribe were great with my child , very friendly and quick great service .
the breakfast buffet at la brisa was great and it only ran us $44 before the tip .
i have to say all of the waitstaff we encountered were very good !
funicular was a blast for my my child , it worked great and was very clean .
we rented a car one day ! i would not recommend it the roads are lawless until you get to the highway and that is if you can find the highway there are no signs , not stop signs , no yield signs and no traffic lights it was crazy and we gave up rather quickly especially once we ended up in the town of fajardo . leave driving to savy travelers .
the pools were located nearby to all the different areas they were treated every morning and always clean .
we would definatly go back to this resort because it was a great safe place for a little one and incredibly relaxing .
the front desk was very accomodating as were the waitstaff , i think that just as in any hotel some people love their jobs more than others ! !
if you want a nice quiet getaway this is the place to go ! ! !
las olas rooms i agree that the reviews for this resort are quite scary .
this resort is for relaxation !
if your looking for nightlife , then check out san juan .
i stayed in the las olas part of the hotel , you have to take the funicular to get anywhere else but it was fine .
the rooms are average , nothing special , clean , my only problem was that the sheets felt damp sometimes .
the pool on our side is more relaxing , not as much kids as the other pools .
palomino island is beautiful !
who cares about the ferry ride , which is also beautiful ! ! ! golden door spa is great .
i enjoyed isabellas and blossoms for dinner .
the good/the bad at wyndham rio mar we just returned tonight ( jan . 5th ) from an 8 day stay with our older kids ( two 20- year - olds , one 17- year - old ) from the wyndham rio mar . we joined wyndham rewards , and were upgraded to two ocean front rooms which were very spacious , with extremely comfortable beds , small flat screen tvs , and average size bathrooms that thankfully , unlike other caribbean resorts , never ran out of hot water for the shower . the hotel is on the atlantic side of puerto rico , so the water is not the calm blue/green of the caribbean .
in some ways , that was a plus , since there were gigantic waves to play in , although we all had to be careful of a considerable undertow . the beach itself is just ok .
it 's nearly two miles long , so good for a jog back and forth , but some days , especially one end of it was littered with cigarette butts and plastic cups . hotel food was mediocre to poor , except for the italian restaurant palio , and even that did not compare favorably to the most basic pizzeria in new york .
prices were high for all food except the hot dog/hamburger grill set up near the pool for lunch . luckily , we rented a car , because the hotel is in a gated community that is pretty isolated .
we had dinner three nights in a row at la parilla , a fantastic restaurant at one of the shacks just in front of loquillo beach .
however , service was s l o w . we waited over an hour for a table , then about another hour or so for our food to arrive .
there is great golf , nice tennis courts , a spa , and a decent workout room which fills up fast most mornings ( ! ) on site . would i recommend this place ?
yes for a corporate exec or someone looking for an easy long weekend getaway . (
the hotel is a quick 45 min .
drive from the san juan airport . )
no , to a family who wants a more active , less isolated vacation , although the rain forest ( el junque ) is only about a ten minute drive from the hotel .
clean friendly but expensive food/drinks we stayed here for 8 days .
the staff was very attentive , rooms were clean , housekeeping delivered items quicker than anywhere i 've stayed .
we went with our 2 kids (12  9) the adult pool is great to get away from little ones splashing .
my kids loved the pool / slide/ iguanas roaming around .
the views are lovely .
the beach had plenty of chairs , umbrellas and they had sand toys for the kids .
the surf was great 5 /7 days we swam .
it got rough the last 2 days . we rented a car , went to san juan , fajardo , and several other places .
taxi 's are very expensive and there is so much to do here .
just the 2 way trip to /from the airport for 4 people would have been $240.
our rental for the week was less than that . because of the car we went out to eat every night .
laperilla #2 kioskos is great , richies , several others close by but not walkable .
we rented a fridge for the room ( $25) week ) went to amigos  walmart to stock up and saved a ton of money on beer , rum , oj , cereal , ect . . . ) the breakfast buffet in the hotel is $20 day .
a bowl of cold cereal is $7. beer is $7, rum drinks $10+ each . . . we went horseback riding , took a snorkle trip through east wind adventures ( awesome crew/ food/ snorkle trip to little palmino ) went to the rain forest , old san juan for a day and generally just drove around the eastern part of puerto rico . a few things : take cash for gasoline , cash for the rain forest , people drive a bit aggressive - not one person used a blinkerthat i saw .
most people speak english .
be at the airport at least 1 hr prior to your departure , trust me . . . we got stuck in a bit of traffic and got to the airport with 50 minutes to spare . . . the flight had closed but we still made it on .
it was a real hassle : - ) do not be afraid of the roadside food !
it is some of the best on the island .
when you see a broken down bus on the side of the road , pop up tent and grill - stop or you 'll miss some great food ! also have a coco frio while you are there ! we have traveled extensively , with and without our kids , we never stay in the same place twice if we revisit a place , i 'd stay here again . . . enough planned stuff for the kids at the family pool , hair braiding , sand castle building , organized volleyball , dance lessons and a dive in movie .
nice but expensive resort we stayed here for 5 nights as part of a large conference group .
the resort was very pleasant and well maintained and close to el yunque in our rental car .
although the people without rental cars were a little stuck as the only way out is taxis or shuttle to the airport if you have no car .
we drove to fajardo one day to take the ferry to vieques and the hotel is only about a 30 to 40 minute drive from there .
i 'd highly recommend vieques .
the hotel was a little on the pricey side - especially when they add on resort fees and even a bellboy charge whether you use the bellboy or not .
the air conditioning in the public areas meant that the place was a bit chilly to say the least .
and when we checked in our keys did not work and we were given another room eventually .
but apart from those little niggles , we had a lovely time here .
the food is not cheap but you can order pizza in the bar for $13 if you do not want a full meal .
though if you have a hire car there are other cheaper places nearby .
excellent stay my wife and i spent 6 days 5 nights at the rio mar in october 2008.
we had a great time and weather was fantastic .
the grounds of the rio mar are spectacular .
booked deal through a discount website and for the price well worth the money ( flight , room and transfers for total of $1,500) .
we both feel that puerto rico gets a bum rap in the states .
the island is beautiful and the people were very friendly and just a 3.5 hour flight from the new york area .
a great alternative in the caribbean .
we rented a car for two days and toured the south ( drive the coast road to ponce ) of the island and old san juan , not to be missed .
the rio mar is not a 5 star property but it is not a 3 star .
however , the food and drinks at the rio mar are at five star prices : $20 for two drinks ; $45 for lunch for two .
not outrageous because we read other reviews and knew what to expect .
the front desk staff was great .
asked for an upgrade at check in and was given an ocean front suite at no charge .
go to richie 's cafe one night , prior to sunset , for the view , wow .
they will pick up and drop off .
the food was ok .
bring bug spray .
we highly recommend the rio mar and plan on returning in the near future .
very enjoyable stay we visited wyndham rio mar towards the end of september in 2008.
overall i would rate the experience very good .
i would not consider it a ??uxury? ? hotel
( ala ritz or four seasons ) , but it certainly is far and away better than your average hotel .
we didn?? experience any of the extreme negatives that some of the other reviewers ran into . our trip was booked through cheapcaribbean . com
the experience starts when you drive in the main gate at the top of a hill , and you get an incredible view of the resort and the ocean .
as you drive to the main building , you see the golf - course and very well - manicured landscaping .
like some other people reported , the self - parking was a little hard to find ( even in daylight ) , but that?? just because of poor signage .
it is actually in a good location , and easy to use .
not only do you save $5/day ( plus the tip you?? give to a valet ) , but i suspect that you??e probably in your car quicker than if you used the valet . on a side note , the rental car is well worth it ( we picked up our avis car at the airport - $200 ( including taxes and fees ) for 5 days ) .
when you factor in what the hotel would charge for the round - trip hotel to the shuttle ( $30 per person , each way ) , it?? not much more to have your own car ? ? especially if you want to leave the hotel for any sightseeing on your own ( rain forest , old san juan , local restaurants ) .
don?? think you can walk any place ? ? it?? probably close to two miles from the front - door of the hotel to ??own? ? (it?? probably a mile just from the front door to the main gate ) .our check - in was quick and easy , with no hassles .
i politely inquired about an upgrade ( from ocean - view to ocean - front ) , and after some discussion was given one at no charge .
the room is nothing extraordinary , but very nice ( clean , decent size , nicely decorated ) , but with a magnificent view , and a terrace with 2 chairs and a table .
it includes a dresser , a desk , flat - screen tv , cordless phone , stall shower and bathtub , mini - bar , safe , good - size closet , hair dryer , iron and ironing board , internet connection ( $14/day ) and chair/ottoman to relax in . we found the staff to be friendly , polite , professional , and eager to help ( this includes everyone from concierges to house - keeping staff ) .
however , at the concierge desk , it seemed to be hit or miss about how much they knew regarding the various tours .
we never ran into any crowds at the pool , the restaurants , or the casino .
in fact , all the facilities seemed to be pretty sparsely used , and there were even some empty tables at the casino ( black jack tables start at $5) .
of course , this is probably largely due to the fact that we went in the off - season . the hotel offers a number of tours/excursions ( snorkeling , rain forest , trip to old san juan , bio bay , etc . ) .
one of my disappointments was that info about tours was not really comprehensively presented with sufficient detail , so you had to ask a lot of questions of the concierge ( and like i said before , different people at the concierge desk seemed to have different pieces of info ) .
however , they did advise us that we could save some money by using our own car .
for example , the bio bay tour is $80 per person if you use the hotel shuttle , but we paid $52 by using our own car .
similarly , the hotel charges $38 per person for a trip to the rain forest , but if you drive yourself there is no cost ( although the visitor?? center is $3/person ) .
i did want to do snorkeling , but everything they had was a full day , and i would??e preferred something that was just 3-4 hours .
while we were there , the concierge staff kept trying to get us to attend some sort of sales - seminar ( in return for a 5- day/4- night stay at the wyndham in st . john?? ) ? ? but there was little pressure , and they stopped when we politely said ??o thanks . ? ? br/>regarding food , i would agree with the others that it is good , but nothing special , and over - priced ( probably on average of about 20% ) .
for example , whether you do the breakfast buffet or order - off - the - menu , you??l pay about $19/head .
a turkey club - sandwich was $12.
we ate at marbella?? several times ( shrimp asapao was very good ) and found the food to be good , and the service to be very - good ( with a very friendly wait - staff ) .
palio?? was closed while we were there ( apparently they close one of the restaurants during the off - season ) .
we also ate at shima?? ( seafood power stew as appetizer , and filet mignon entr?e was very good ) , the tiki bar and the sea breeze ( both outdoor by the pool ) and all were good .
the hotel?? main bar is right in the main lobby .
in the evening it can get kind of loud and some of the noise can be heard in the restaurants .
a concierge recommended richie?? restaurant , which we went to for dinner .
the food was ok at best , but very pricey for a restaurant that has zero - atmosphere ( it is essentially a large covered outdoor patio ) .
it is located high on a hill and has a magnificent view .
we?? recommend it for a drink in the afternoon , or during sunset , but certainly not for a real meal ( and the view pretty much disappears after dark ) .
however , it should be noted that richie?? does offer free car service to/from the hotel . we don?? play golf or tennis , but if you do , it seems that these facilities here are great .
i was disappointed that there doesn?? seem to be any of the usual beach activities available ( jet - ski , banana - boat , para - sailing ) .
this seems to be true of all the resorts in the area , and someone had mentioned that those sort of power - boats are prohibited to protect the coral .
the pools and beaches were very clean and enjoyable .
the slide at the pool is a lot of fun . you don?? need any spanish within the hotel ( except perhaps to talk to the ladies in housekeeping cleaning the rooms ) .
however , if you are bi - lingual , the staff certainly seems to appreciate it .
gorgeous hotel !
my husband and i , along with our three children stayed at the wyndham from aug . 18 to aug 25th .
i really love this hotel and its location .
here are some tips : i recommend that you apply for the wyndham by request program .
it provides you with various ammenities you otherwise would not get .
on this trip we were welcomed with a $45.00 bottle of wine , water for the children and some snacks .
use this program if you are traveling with small children .
by calling ahead and pushing my membership i was given a small refrigerator and microwave to use with no charge .
( if you are going to fill up the fridge , i recommend that you shop at amigo .
i thought walmart would be cheaper , but it really was not . )
we were also given a room upgade - from resort view to ocean view .
although the restauraunts @ the resort are pricey , they are worth it , especially palio .
( if you plan ahead buy yourself an entertainment book for puerto rico and there are coupons in there for restaurants ( buy one meal , get one free ) , tee times , and water sports .
also , be advised if you book through orbitz , there is a $30 resort fee , that you do not learn about until you check out your portfolio on the tv .
if you eat @ antojitos down the hill , although the food is delicious , you will wait a long time , they do not give a bread basket and any extras you order , like extra beans you will be charged .
try lolitas on rt . 3, make a left down the hill .
they have delicious inexpensive mexican cuisine .
please try the roadside huts by luquillo beach for some delicious alcapurrias and pina coladas .
nice resort , pretty grounds , overall pretty good this was our first stop on our honeymoon and the resort was a perfect place to relax and unwind after the wedding .
we had a double queen room on the bottom floor and we did not face the ocean , but we did not really care .
our room had a refrigerator that looked old , but worked fine .
in theory , there was an extra charge for using the fridge , but they did not assess it on us .
the bathroom was very nice and spacious with a lot of counter space .
the front desk was very nice and helpful during check - in and check - out and we only ate in one of the on - site restaurants ( marabella ) , but our waitress was very nice and helpful .
the two separate swimming pools are great ; one for families and one for adults only .
our adults only pool was a great place to relax .
the beach is great looking and the water is just the right temperature without being too hot or too cold .
there are tons of sand dollars living on the bottom of the ocean right there , so that was pretty cool to see .
the resort has two workers assigned to get you an umbrella and chairs for sitting on the beach , which is really nice .
the tiki bar outside is just as expensive inside with a pina colada running about $11 each .
the beach does need cleaned a bit more often to remove the cigarette butts , but if everyone was diligent about removing their own trash there would not be a problem . two complaints about the resort are parking and computer access .
the self - park garage requires you to take a ticket when you park .
take the ticket with you because you have to stop at the valet 's desk out front of the hotel to have them validate it before you can leave and take your car out of the parking lot .
we ended up paying only $20 in parking despite being there for 4 days , so i do not know how that worked .
hauling the ticket around is a pain and they should really have someone working the exit booth of the garage .
the only other complaint was computer access .
the resort has four computers set up so that you can access the internet during your stay if you do not have your own laptop .
i loved the idea , but you had to pretty much glare at the teens , pre - teens , and kids that were camped out on the computers without parental supervision .
eventually , one would disengage from facebook and let you use the computer for 3 minutes .
where were the parents of these kids ? ?we did the rainforest and liked it except for how busy it was .
lots of people everywhere .
note to travelers : wear a bathing suit to the rainforest .
we apparently did not get that memo and did not realize you could hop in whatever water you want .
it also rained twice while we were hiking and a bathing suit would have been better than a shirt and shorts .
we also did old san juan , which was cool to see , but the parking was a nightmare .
we ate at richie 's cafe up the hill from the resort and found it to be overpriced for the food , but the view is nice and they do have some authentic puerto rican cuisine on the menu .
very nice resort the best part about the rio mar was the staff .
they were very accomodating when we asked to switch rooms , and they helped us promptly with a smile .
all of the restarant staff were likewise very polite and were happy to make suggestions and engage in conversation . the rooms are very adequate , although a bit on the small side .
at night , the coqui frogs will either sing you to sleep or keep you awake .
if you are a light sleeper , it would be wise to be on a higher floor . the pool area is somewhat crowded if you do not secure a spot early .
they also have a quiet pool , which seemed to have just as many fun - loving kids as the larger pool . . . so it really was not any more peaceful . the beach is nice , but the water was not the turqoise we were hoping for .
it was not crowded and was a very short walk from the pool area . the hotel has an iguana pool and has several feedings scheduled each day .
my youngest daughter enjoyed hand feeding them with lettuce supplied by the hostess . the best part of the vacation was our short drive over to the el yunque rainforest .
we spent the morning hiking on paved , well marked trails and saw some incredible vistas . our trip into old san juan was forgettable .
it may have been better if we had arranged a guided tour , but we went on wednesday , which was apparently trash day , and had to step over piles of garbage bags as we walked through the streets . both of my children thoroughly enjoyed this vacation , and my wife and i did too .
we would probably return , but there are more places in the caribbean that i would like to see first .
great get - away !
arranged a quick 5 day/4 nigh getaway to the wyndham rio mar and it was a great vacation ! the resort is top - notch both inside and out .
it is located roughly 35 minutes east of san juan very close to the el yunque national rain forest .
the staff was very friendly and accomodating and the food and drinks were quite good . . . although the resort prices ( particularly for small stuff ) were sometimes a bit steep .
the pool and beach were outstanding .
i would recommend renting a car ( if only for a couple of days ) and buying basic stuff at local markets to stock your room .
took a day trip to the rain forest which was well worth the time .
take the opportunity to eat at the various local spots for dinner . . . they 're outstanding !
the food is great and the value is far beyond what you might experience onsite at the resort . enjoyed a morning full of spa treatments , which were all great . . . you get what you pay for !
pleasant surprise !
the rio mar beach resort was the perfect getaway for our family since we were looking to relax by a pool and on a beach .
the pool ( s ) set - up is terrific offering volleyball , water aerobics and other activities for the kids as well as an 18+ adult only pool .
only hedges separate the pool area from a beautiful beach front making it easy for the kids to go back and forth .
the sand is clean and the waves make for great fun .
valet , housekeeping and restaurant service were all terrific .
front desk and concierge need work . . . concierge especially was lacking in information and not very knowledgeable .
minutes away from the el yunque rain forest which was worth touring .
beatiful setting we st ; ayed at the wyndham for 6 nights with a business meeting .
the setting is absolutely beautiful .
great pool , and a beautiful beach area .
we brought 3 children , ages 8. 11, and 17.
they loved the pools .
our 17 year old was a little bored , not much to do for his age .
it is a ways away from everything else .
the younger kids loved it .
they would have swam in the pools , and played in the ocean all day .
the room was okay , nothing special , rather small .
the airconditioner was very noisy .
the staff and service was good .
food is very expensive .
loved the wyndham stayed at the wyndham rio mar from march 9-13, 2008 with my husband and 2 boys ( ages 9 and 10) .
we loved the location , across from the rain forest and away from san juan !
the service we received from staff was excellent !
we have travelled all over the world and the same rules apply - say please and thank you and smile - you wo not believe how well you get treated ! our room was spotless and cleaned every day .
we did not eat at the resort due to the expense - so we rented a car and went out for our meals .
saved a lot of money that way and allowed us to see the island .
we ate at richie 's - very expensive and food was only ok - but view is awesome .
also ate at don pepe 's - reasonably priced , good food .
the hotel activity pool was fun - just wish they provided a little more activity .
the only thing they did have was aqua aerobics , no music .
we checked out the kids club - sad .
small room geared towards little ones ( under 5) and looked more like daycare than a kids club .
parking was expensive but worth it since we got a great deal on the trip .
the valet is $20 per day - unlimited entries and exits .
we only did one excursion - bio bay !
it was an amazing experience and i hightly recommend it .
we are on the adventurous side so it might not be for everyone .
east island excursions was who we booked with .
about $120 pp which included catamaran ride to vieques , van to restaurant , dinner ( best meal we had all week ! ! ! ) , bus ride to bay , boat ride on bay .
it was expensive but i think worth every penney ! ! ! !
the location of the wyndham rio mar is not for everyone as there is no nightlife .
we are from nyc so the hotels in san juan did not appeal to us for a vacation , we see enough concrete and skyscrapers at home .
the wyndham is lush and green and out of the city .
we had a wonderful stay and i would definitely return !
