hotel was ok my girlfriend and i stayed at the casablanca for six nights during december .
we were greeted warmly and efficiently .
the room was slightly small but we hardly in the room so it was not a major problem .
overall the hotel was ok for the price , ny hotels are very highly priced so perhaps i am being harsh but i expected a little more class for the money i paid . positives - location was superb just of the times sq - free coffee and cookies - staff were friendly and helpfulnegatives - i had to kill a cockroach in the bathroom - price was high for the standard of the room - breakfast was not worth the money 
does this room come with earplugs ?
the casablanca hotel is in a great location and staffed by a lovely and caring group of employees .
our 4th floor room was smallish but cozy and nicely decorated .
at approximately 12:30 a . m . a garbage truck pulled up under our window and loaded trash for several hours .
we probably would not have noticed the noise as much if we had not had to turn off our one temperature ( freezing ) and extremely loud window air conditioning unit .
the food at breakfast was just ok , the secret recipe chocolate chip cookies seemed to be made by chips ahoy , and the back stairs were kind of worn and dirty .
that said , given the nice staff and location , i 'd probably go back .
i 'd just make sure i had a room off the street .
small friendly botique type hotel near the time square action .
recently stayed for 3 nights at the casablanca and then moved to the affina dumont for one night . the casablanca staff is very friendly and helpful .
the location is great for anyone wanting to spend time in the time square area .
the room we were in was very small even by ny standards but was clean .
has a window air conditioner that just did not do the job and was noisy , although there was no street noise .
no ice machine .
had to call room service to get a bucket .
rick 's lounge is a nice feature .
breakfasts were good as were the various wines provided in the evening .
if you are looking for a time square area small botique type place this is a good one albiet somewhat expensive at $285 plus tax for such a small room .
we definitely liked the recently renovated affina dumont with its super large rooms and more modern style for less money .
it 's a matter of taste i guess .
overall okay experience with a few minor issues booked this hotel for three nights via expedia for under $500 canadian . good : - free wireless internet - excellent location - less than a block from union square - comfortable bed and great pillow menu - a rubber ducky in the bathroom - hilarious ! -
large walk - in closetbad/ugly : - room was quite cold ( san francisco was going through a bit of a cold spell ) and the central heating system was not very reliable .
thankfully there was an electric portable oil heater in the room . -
no coffee or tea in the room - bathroom looked very dated and tub was chipped and discolored - ironing board cover was extremely discolored - i was afraid of ironing my shirts in case the stains would transfer from the cover to them !
chancellorjun08 a pretty good location but hotel is quite small - a narrow yet tall building with no real view except from a corner of union sq .
the room was quite small but it was a nice , bright  clean .
the breakfast was quite good .
often the problem in sf hotels is the parking and we had to not only unload the car ourselves but park it in a nearby garage and of course there 's a charge .
i would have thought the hotel could at least arrange to valet park cars if you paid for that .
sf in june was hot  sunny one moment , cold grey  cloudy the next !
the gay pride parade was fab - lots of colour and sound and outrageousness - great ! ! [next year try and get all the floats to have music playing as it is so much better that way ( and with smaller gaps between the different groups ) .]
if you have never been to one you must eat at a cheesecake factory as they are simply superb ! !
good enough hotel stayed there for only a day and a night , in transit .
overall , it was , as i said , good enough , though a little pricey for an old hotel ( had a cheaper stay at grand residences marriott at lake thaoe and it was a fantastic studio ) , but then again this is sfo .
the room is clean and well maintained .
the corridors were narrow and the elevator was small .
bear in mind though to request a room with aircon .
i was shocked that the room did not have one .
even if the weather is not hot , i wanted an aircon so i can close the windows .
as a result , we kept the window open and it was so noisy outside ( cable car noise , some construction ) . . .
i think this is one of the setbacks .
it has a good location though and a very good view .
the reviews were so great i was a little disappointed . will i stay there again ?
i 'll have to think about it .
ok but was expecting more for the money spent 3 nights at the chancellor hotel on union square .
location is good if you want to go shopping but the piers and fishermans wharf are too far away and on foot are about a 45 minute walk . the room was too hot , rather small and the bed was way too soft .
not sure that it was great value for money either - i had a suite in caesars palace , las vegas for the same money the following week . overall it is ok but not as good as i had hoped .
location , location . . . .
this hotel has an awesome location .
just came back dec 9th after a three day stay .
only used the rental car once - walked or cable car everywhere .
hotel was neat and clean - staff courteous - but the room - oh so small .
we had just been in a large room in la and it was a disappointment .
no in room coffee ! ! what a shock !
pjs to the lobby .
no fridge !
warm beer !
and no view for those in rooms at the back - request one with a view - but the location made up for some of the inconvenience - 
location great , but not a destination hotel we booked the chancellor based on the rave reviews on this site ; we were similarly enthralled by the location , but not terribly excited by anything else .
the plumbing was loud , the room was tiny , the window opened onto a metal maze of a fire escape , the umbrella broke as soon as we opened it , and the lobby bar was the least appealing place in the city .
stay here if you want a central location and do not plan to spend much time in the room , and you 'll be perfectly satisfied .
friendly hotel but small rooms we prefer smaller hotels and normally stay in them when we are visiting a city .
for this reason and based on the glowing reports on tripadvisor , we selected the chancellor hotel for our recent 5 night stay .
while we found the staff to be particularly friendly and the cookies in the lobby a nice treat , we found our room - -and especially our bath - -to be unusually small .
you had to adjust your knees to close the door when you were sitting on the toilet !
the hotel appears to cater to traveling groups because every morning the lobby was completely closed off for a breakfast for a group of danish visitors with only a narrow passage available to reach the front desk or door .
and , this may sound picky , but a group of art students staying at the hotel ( the dining room was closed off for them in the mornings ) would congregate at the entrance of the hotel to smoke , making entering and exiting particularly challenging .
on a possitive note , the location and value are excellent and while i might not stay there again i would not discourage someone else from doing so but would like them to be aware of the shortcomings .
lovely hotel we stayed their , 27- feb -05 for 4 nights and the hotel is gorgeous , our room was extreamley clean , the decor was nice and modern ( plain/fresh looking ) and the location is 2nd to none ! ! we had a brilliant stay in san francisco only one night when we went out we had our wallet stolen , which ment we had to cancel all of our credit cards and had very little cash on us , anyway as soon as this happened i went to the front desk to make them aware that if they have not yet already taken the money of off my card that now it will proberbly will not work as i had to cancel them all , basically the hotel people didnt ask if we were ok they just wanted to know how we were going to settle our bill , i think that this was most unconsiderable , as we were thousands of miles away from home with no food , no money and all the hotel cared about was me settling the bill , i mean its not like i couldnt of settled it at a later date .
they had all my details so it was not like i was trying to get out of paying .
i think that if you had thought more about the safety of your customers rather then there money you would be the best hotel ever .
thanks for everything as i was a very nice stay , but i think you should take note of what i have said as this could happen to another customer and if they was not lucky like us , i mean getting money the next day then i dont know what we would have done as you didnt look like you wanted to help us at all 
great location but reserve a room on the higher floors !
we enjoyed our visit to san francisco and the chancellor hotel was a great place to stay .
the staff was excellent !
friendly and helpful .
the cookies and coffee are a great touch .
but . . . .beware of rooms facing powell street on the lower floors !
the street noise is incredible !
from trolley cars to trash trucks ( at 5 am ) we heard it all !
the room was nice ( a little small ) but we were rarely in the room .
all in all a good deal for a great location .
a shopaholics fantasy !
a tip . . . . most shops will ship your goods home tax free and may even waive the shipping !
the chancellor is not enchanting i was disappointed in the hotel after choosing it because of the reviews here . the location was great , right in the heart of union square . the service was quite good and i enjoyed picking out a special pillow from the menu . the room was quite small and quite old .
i love older charming rooms but this one was just old - moldy tiles in the bathroom , the shower head was shorter than me ( i am 5'5) water pressure low , etc . the biggest disappointment was the paper thin walls .
i could hear every word that my neighbors were saying .
thankfully they went to bed early . the good news was that i could order a white noise machine .
decent hotel , but far away from everything my husband and i stayed at the ritz recently for a work retreat .
i think that may have affected a few things that happened while we were there .
this review may sound like i am complaining , but i just want everyone to know what to expect .
it is a standard ritz property .
it is nice , but nothing spectacular .
so , if you stay ( and i am sure you will enjoy your stay if you choose this hotel ) , just know what to expect . i arrived very late due to a four hour plane delay , and was given a room on the first floor .
i asked for a different room , but was told that every single room was booked .
i persisted a bit more , noting that i am a preferred member and stay at the atlanta property several times a year on business .
no dice .
i would normally be unable to complain too much about this - i mean , i booked a standard room and received a standard room , right ?
well , that is true except the person behind me then checked in and received a standard room on the 10th floor !
when i said something , the receptionist informed me that the person behind me paid a higher rate for his standard room .
so i am being punished because my work negotiated a special rate for the 150+ rooms it booked for the entire weekend ?
not good . regardless , the room was nice .
it was a standard ritz room .
very nice king bed , nice large flat screen television , nice bathroom .
nothing surprising , it looked like any other ritz .
i was a bit surprised - i thought it might have some special resort like touches or amenities ?
nope . it was not even outfitted like a beach hotel - there was not even a clothesline to hang wet swimsuits on !
we were forced to throw them over the shower curtain ( ick ) .the property is very beautiful .
contrary to other reviews , i always saw beach chairs available by the pool , regardless of the time of day .
additionally , there are chairs available on the beach .
my complaint with respect to that is that they only had one beach guy on saturday ( ! ) and it took twenty minutes to get two beach chairs set up .
my husband got frustrated and tried to set them up , but no dice .
the chairs are chained together so you ca not have self service .
the beach was nice and the water was nice and not rocky .
we enjoyed it .
i would not recommend ordering food and drinks at the beach .
we ordered lunch and drinks and they did not even bring a little side table !
we just came back from swimming and our drinks were sitting in the sand ! we had room service and beach side service .
yes , the food is expensive - this is the ritz .
my husband claims the burgers were awesome , though and never complained about the price tag .
my food was good , too .
nothing fabulous , but very good food .
the property is far away from anything but a few other beach hotels .
it is indeed about 50 usd roundtrip into old san juan .
i did not like this too much .
the casino is pretty small .
i do not gamble , but plenty in our group did .
they all said it was small , but the workers were friendly and they had a good time . there is definitely some miscommunication on the activities among the staff .
i called the front desk at 6am to try to book the snorkeling trip i learned some friends were on for that day .
i knew it left at 8.30 and wanted to see if there were spots avialable .
every time i called , i would be told the activity desk opened a half - hour later .
at 6, it opened at 6.30.
at 7, it opened at 7.30.
at 7.30, it opened at 8! i refused to hang up at 7.30 and demanded that someone help me .
finally , fifteen minutes later , i was called by the concierge and informed that i had tickets to snorkeling . he said he had been there since 7am and could have helped me .
this kind of miscommuniation is inexcusable at a property like this ! lastly , our plane was due to leave at 4pm the day we checked out .
we called to get late check out - even asked to pay for late check out - and were rudely informed that our rate was already super cheap and late checkout was not avaialble to us .
once again , i complained quite a bit and was able to get late check out (2pm ) for an additional 100 usd .
with the money my work spent on alcohol alone at this place ( ! ) i think they made enough money off of us to not be so rude . to sum it up , the property is standard ritz - which is of course nice ! the beach is very nice .
the location is very out of the way - close only to the airport ( which was not too noisy for us .
yes , you could hear planes on the beach , so do not stay here if you want the deserted tropical oasis feel ) .
the staff was generally helpful , but at times uninformed and twice rude !
i would not complain if i stayed there again , but i would not run to it either .
nice but not quite what a ritz should be just returned from san juan for a 3 night stay .
the property was extremely crowded , trying to find a seat at the pool was quite a challenge .
i found service to be extremely slow and almost non - existent by the pool .
the hotel was very clean but just not quite what you would expect from a ritz .
our room was very basic , not many balcony rooms to be had .
ok , i know it 's the ritz but things are soooo overpriced it 's ridiculous ! 3 drinks by the pool $50.
50 minute massage with tip $171.
the beach is okay , it happened to be extremely windy while we were there so you were getting whipped in the face with sand most of the time .
it was definitely not a very tropical location .
if you want that island feel this is not the place to go .
do not get me wrong , overall , we did have a nice time .
the casino was fun , blt was a great restaurant , i did not get to experience il mullino but heard it was fabulous .
for close by nightlife to to el san juan the lobby bar is great , live entertainment and a fun atmosphere .
nice stay , slightly over rated my husband and i split our time between the ritz and the marriott on our trip to puerto rico .
we were prepared to be pampered at the ritz , but our experience was average .
i absolutely felt that the rc paid special attention to the older guests , and my husband and i are in our mid 20's .
we were asked to wait several times while they helped other quests for example while making dinner reservations .
sure this was not the end of the world , its just not why you pay for the ritz .
there was also a fire drill , which apparently we should have been warned about via a letter in our room , but we were not .
so my husband and i evacuated via stairs to the exterior of the hotel , and we were some of the only guests in our pajamas trying to evacuate !
its a funny story now , but was very embarrassing then .
our most recent trip was to hawaii where we experienced an earth quake , so i do not take alarms lightly .
had they remembered to put the letter in our room , we would not have panicked .
on the beach , the attendants were wonderful .
i love to be in the sun , and he loves the shade , so they always set up an umbrella nearby for him .
i highly recommend lunch on the beach , delivered to your chairs !
much of the pool stays shaded during parts of the day , so the beach was the better bet . other service was so - so .
no one seemed to know what dinner recommendations to make , and our maid never restocked our bathroom properly , despite the supposed twice a day service .
overall , we were prepared to pay more at the ritz , but did not really feel like we got more .
feel free to contact me for details .
great food  we were here for a company retreat and would not have usually chosen this type of location for a vacation .
we typically prefer beaches that are less commercial and built - up .
however , if you are visiting san juan for business or to see family , then this would be a nice place to stay .
the positives : the food and service were very good .
they handled our large group well .
i have stayed at many ritz carlton properties before and these aspects of our stay definitely lived up to ritz standards .
the negatives : yes the rooms are luxurious , well kept and clean , and have all the amenities of a 5 star hotel , however , they do not make you feel like you are at the beach .
these rooms are decorated as if they could be practically anywhere and do not open - up to nature .
it seems that ritz carltons tend to do this while four seasons usually make their properties fit with the environment and location better .
although in this setting ( a built - up beach ) there is not really anything to open - up to .
the ritz definitely feels more like a hotel rather than a resort so it depends on what you are looking for . overall , a good place for a company retreat or convention , but not a place for a caribbean vacation .
not great . . . not bad 3.5 out of 5. i booked this hotel directly b/c there were not many bargains online .
this trip was my honeymoon and we checked in on my 30th birthday .
i can honestly say , it is the best hotel in the area .
i visitied a few others hotels that were on the same beach and a few others near the hilton .
so here is my point - by - point review : pros :1.
my room was upgraded free of charge to an ocean - view balcony .
it was originally a regular ocean view , no balcony .2.
the food and drinks were really good , but very very expensive3.
there are other things ( walgreens , restaurants , clubs , fast food ) within walking distance4.
the pool area was clean and chairs were always available5.
the beach was , ehh ok . . . at best 6.
check - in was easy and we checked in early without even notifying the desk about our early arrival7.
friendly staff 8. clean , but small guest rooms9.
they have a huge mall plaza las americas with every store you can imagine .
everyone was able to speak english , even in the mall and surrounding storescons :1.
there was construction going on and it was right next to my room .
it was so loud that we had to leave the room during the day .
it started around 9:15am and ended around 4pm . . . so no sleeping late .
the hotel offered to move me to a jr .
suite with no balcony .
i declined .2.
the taxi 's are a rip - off and the bellmen conspire with them .
a taxi is a minimum of $10 each way .
just walk , unless going to the mall or airport .
do not pay more than $17 each way for the mall .
they will try to rip you off for $20 each way3.
the beach was blah .
the water is not beautiful .
it had a funny smell .4.
if you ca not swim , motorized water sports are out .
you have to swim all the way out to the rope just to get on a jet ski or any motorized activity .
i could not swim all the way out there and had to cancel my jet ski . . .5.
the walls are paper thin .
the people next door walked in and out of their room non - stop . . . and their door would slam shut and vibrate our bed .
so imagine hearing a loud slamming noise at 3am . . . i almost had a heart attack !
so between the slamming doors and the construction jack - hammer , i was ready to scream .6.
the food at the hotel is overpriced .
taxes and gratuity add to the outlandish prices .
one night we paid 125 for dinner and i only had one drink .
that 's crazy .7.
old san juan is filthy .
several guests were glad to get back from that tour .
i did not even want to breathe in old san juan .
it was awful and trash was everywhere .
i get chills just thinking about it .
in sum : as previously mentioned , this was the best hotel in pr .
so i 'd hate to see what the vacation experience is like at the other hotels .
i stayed for 6 days and my hotel bill was 2650.
not including airfare .
for the money we spent , over 3500, we could have gone somewhere much nicer .
was expecting more . . .
we stayed at the ritz from may 28- june 2, 2007 for our honeymoon .
i had been reading every review written here on trip advisor for the past 6 months .
i figured most of the bad reviews were overexaggerated because it sounded like a wonderful place .
i was expecting all the great things that all the other reviewers were raving about . . . but got none .
let me preface this review with the fact that i am in no way frugal about spending money .
i do not cut corners and try to save a buck .
i knew that this place was spendy and we were prepared .
but . . . when you have the option to spend large amounts of money on something advertised as this i would expect this exceptional service and 5 star treatment that was promised .
we got to the hotel about 7pm with not even an offer to load our bags for us .
checked in and was given a room on the 7th floor .
by the sound of the other reviewers , it seemed like the ritz likes to accomodate celebrations with free upgrades or special perks upon arrival .
since nothing was offered , i just figured i 'd ask if there were any upgrades available , and that we we 're just married on saturday .
( it was 7pm , how many $450.00++
/night rooms were gonna be sold after 7pm ? )
she told us that we could upgrade from our parking lot view to an ocean view for $100.00 more a night . . . or to the club level had many rooms available for an extra $250.00 a night .
we said no thanks and carted our bags upstairs on our own .
the room was nice and clean .
very nice room .
big plasma screen tv , computer desk and a loveseat .
large and very comfortable bed .
marble bathroom with bulvgari shampoos , soaps and shower gels .
two waffle robes in the closet .
room also had a mini bar , $3.50 for cans of pop , mms , $5.50 for mini liquor , $27 mini bottle of chardonnay ect .
in room safe , coffee maker , ect .
was impressed by the room and the housekeeping staff .
only thing i was not happy with housekeeping about was that they came at 7am and knocked twice and on the 3rd they just used their key to come in .
i am sleeping in on my vacation , so when it says 'privacy please ' on my door i do not appreciate you barging in .
especially when the past few days we had gone over this already !
however , they did a very nice job and always came back and cleaned while we were gone .
skip the room service if you can .
we used it twice and i dont think it was anything special .
( stay away from the seafood linguini alfredo .
trust me ! )
there were 2 steakhouses , ii mulino and blt .
did not eat there , but they looked and smelled nice .
i read other reviews on the exceptional guest service and how the staff was all 'my pleasures ' and knew your names .
the only people who remembered our names and used them while we were there were the parking attendants .
did not see any of these personal notes and little gifts that are talked about .
i was lucky if they remembered to leave bottled water .
also , there are some extra fees . . . the hotel charges you a 10% a day resort fee .
then you also have to pay either $17 ( self ) or $25- $28 ( valet ) a day for parking .
when you order room service there is a $2.50/person fee plus the 17% gratuity added on .
like mentioned in the other reviews , there is noticeable plane noise .
it was not constant , and not extremely disturbing , but you can hear it and it could be distracting , i guess , but it did not bother us .
the pool was beauiful and so was the beach .
no problem finding chairs anywhere .
there were no kids overtaking the pool durning my stay . . . but i did see the $18 kid 's pail and shovel that another reviewer was talking about .
( lol ) i didnt hear or see planes taking off while lounging on the beach .
the casino was exceptionally clean and accomodating .
there was no smoke ( i think there is no smoking in pr anymore ) and the servers were quick to refill you if you tipped enough the first time .
at night it got a little busy and sometimes the locals were not too happy to share a table with you .
most of the dealers didnt bother to speak with you or really interact with you unless you spoke spanish .
i can honestly say that these employees were really interested in doing anything other than dealing cards .
they spent alot of time looking around and talking to each other from table to table durning the game .
my best advice to you is to buy the insurance on the rental car if you get one .
there is apparently no rules or regulations on the roads .
( i only got stopped because i was driving unbeknownst in the bus lane lol ) but the officer barely spoke english so he just told me to do a u - turn in the middle of the road ( which is common ) and continue on my way .
and . . . beware if you drive into old san juan .
very tight squeezes and alot of odd one ways . . .
all and all if i was ever to return to pr , i would stay here . . . only beacause everywhere else looked like the ghetto .
no kidding .
from a child - friendly perspective , they should take a cue from the 4seasons this resort touts itself as child friendly and does have some amenities for children .
however they do not go the extra step like the four seasons .
for example , the four seasons provides diapers , swim diapers , baby floats , toys , and most important , strollers .
this makes travelling extremely easy - - you need a car seat stroller to fly , so it 's so nice to be able to avoid bringing a second one for the beach/pool .
of course , the four seasons charges a resort fee too - - but it 's the convenience of having those items that make it worth it . i had been corresponding with the ritz about these items for weeks in advance of my trip and did not get a straight answer as to what they can provide or not .
responses are very vague , which makes it quite difficult to pack .
if i were them , i would take a cue from the 4s , spend a few hundred dollars on a handful of strollers and baby amenities and advertise it as a convenience .
as of now , i will go back to the 4s where it 's quite clear what they provide and it is very easy to travel with children .
nice hotel , but not for a ritz i stayed here with my wife for four nights in march . rooms : the rooms were very nice .
housekeeping did an excellent job .
we had a pool view which in reality could have been a partial ocean view .
no complaints , other than that none of the windows open .
( digressing for a moment , this seemed to be a common theme in puerto rico .
beautiful weather , beautiful scenery , but most of the restaurants , etc were all indoors , with the a/c cranked up to the mid 60's . )gym :
the gym was nice for a hotel gym .
great treadmills and other cardio equipment with individual tv 's .
spa facilities : i did not get a spa treatment , but did use the locker room .
the steam room was nice , the sauna was very spacious ( but co - ed , which i thought was odd to be sweating buckets in front of the opposite sex ) .food : the breakfast buffet was so - so .
they could have used more varieties of fresh fruit and another guy working the omelet station .
service was spotty and was downright horrible one of the mornings .
the lobby bar was good because they had live entertainment at night which was nice to come home to .
there was a seafood buffet on friday night that was not very good .
they had raw oysters , a rarity for a buffet , and i quickly figured out why after i spit the first one i tasted out .
i hope that they had been frozen first , and they were horrible .
there was an il mulino in the casino and a blt steak .
i highly suggest that you avoid them both and come to nyc if you would like to try either .
san juan is not las vegas , and the restaurants were very overpriced and were hollow shells of what they should have been .
it 's sad that tourondel has attached his name to blt steak in pr and i plan on writing a letter to let him know how bad it was .
it was foreshadowing when i sat at the bar for a cocktail and asked what kind of bourbon they had and was told jack daniels or canadian club ( neither a bourbon ) and then was mocked when i asked that a glass of red wine be poured in a wine glass meant for red wine ( they had given me a narrow white glass ) .
they apparently thought i wanted a bigger pour ( it was a bigger glass ) .
someone at a dive bar should expect better , much less a ritz where their motto should be to serve it to me in my shoe if i request . pool area : crowded , but you could always find chairs .
the pool service was horrible . final thoughts : i 'll try not to rant , but i really wish resorts like the ritz carlton would take a cue from the four seasons and stop charging resort fees .
please , just increase the price of the room .
it 's not fair to business travelers , who may not use the pool , and not fair to people who expect some decent service out of their 10% ( $60+ ) .
the pool staff could not be bothered to set up a chair , no one came around to give water much less drinks , etc , etc . please , just charge it as part of the cost of the room , and then make your workers actually work for the possibility that they might get tips for doing what should be their jobs .
everyone just feels ripped off , and no one wins . the service at the ritz could have been much better .
it was not bad , except at the restaurants , but it was not 4/5 star either .
they need to get better food and/or get the backers of their 'name ' restaurants to give their brands a little bit of attention .
in the end , it?? still a ritz carlton and a good hotel .
but i wouldn?? recommend that anyone not already going to san juan go there and i would advise those thinking of it to consider alternatives .
it was nice but definately not worth the price they charge the ritz in puerto rico is really nice and the service is amazing , but i would never stay there again if i went back .
first of all i would not recommend staying in this area , you 're a stones throw away from the airport so while relaxing on the beach you hear the jets taking off and landing .
it was a late honeymoon for us and we 'd just found out we were expecting and our rate was 710.00 a night and we had read some posts about the hotel being so good at upgrading on special occasions but nothing - we had a view of the airport and the parking lot .
the service at the hotel was definately excellent and if you have money to throw away i guess you 'd think it was worth it , but for 700.00 a night plus a 10% resort fee you 'd think you 'd just get something worthwhile there .
the continental breakfast in the mornings is 17.00 which is crazy for some fruit and pastries .
i personally think the other hotels in that same strip are just as nice and not nearly as pricey .
i do not think the ritz is at all worth the cost unless you can get it online for a discounted rate .
the ritz san juan - the real deal i recently stayed at the ritz in san juan .
we selected the ritz in san juan because we wanted to relax at close beach location .
overall i thought the rooms were nice however we could hear our neighbors every night .
the service was good but not the best i 've experienced . the
grounds were a let down .
the beach was just ok .
i think i selected the wrong beach destination . the
food at the hotel was good but limited .
like any hotel you will want to leave the grounds to get a great meal at a proper price . o/a
not a bad experience .
would i stay here again for a vacation ?
if you 're in san juan for business then i would say this is ideal for you .
not the best ritz i stayed at the ritz carlton san juan in january 2005 for a long birthday weekend .
i had been to puerto rico numerous times prior and had yet to stay in san juan .
we stayed for four nights/five days and overall the stay was just ok .
the lobby was nice , yet small , compared to the other hotels i 've stayed at in puerto rico .
the pool was lovely as was the beach .
the proximity of the rooms to the beach was convenient .
the rooms were rather boring , nothing special .
first we had to switch out of our first room because it smelled terrible .
we later learned you could hear nearly everything going on in the rooms next to us .
this was problematic .
there was not even a balcony which i 've had everywhere else while visiting puerto rico .
this was disappointing given the lack of seating in the lobby .
there really was not anywhere just to go and read a book if all of the pool and beach chairs were taken if you had an hour to kill .
given that we visited mid - january there were typical mid - day rain showers every day .
it would pour for about 30-40 minutes and then the sun would return .
we were irritated because maid service would be cleaning our room during this time and they were doing construction around the few chairs in the lobby so we were not allowed to sit there .
there was literally no where to go during these brief showers .
unlike other hotels who have tons of indoor space and seating just to relax and possibly go if it is raining the ritz carlton does not have a back up plan for their guests in case of rain .
the food was pretty good yet overpriced as one could imagine .
the night of my birthday they delivered a special birthday platter to my room containing birthday cake , chocolate covered strawberries , and sodas .
several nights we walked to neighboring hotels which seemed to be more happening at night .
granted there was live music at the ritz casino but it did not seem to attract the locals like the westin did .
we had so much fun watching the locals dance to the live band at the westin . overall i would stay here again but only for a short amount of time .
if you are visiting for a week or more i would recommend one of the large resorts elsewhere in puerto rico .
you 'll never grow bored and you 'll still have plenty to do in case it rains .
nice but not great .
positives : the rooms were nice , very clean and maid service was great .
make sure you request a room with either the pool view or ocean view or you will be looking at the run down neighboring buildings .
pool area is very nice , lots of space , great service and the best pina coladas .
negatives : all 3 hotel tour operators were totally rude and acted like they were doing you a favor to even speak to you .
i would suggest booking all tours by yourself .
with a quick internet search you can find everything you want for less money .
avoid the chinese restaurant in the casino .
it costs us $60 for lunch for 2 for food that was on par with any take out place you can find .
make sure you realize this hotel is in the middle of san juan , lots of noise and traffic !
no pristine beach .
planes flying overhead .
the one nice thing about the location is that it is a twenty dollar cab ride to old san juan which has great restaurants and lots to do .
make sure you go to dragonfly and aquaviva . i would not stay here again .
disappointing for the ritz after 4 days in vieques ( which i later learned that culebra has the better beaches ) , the ritz was a bit of a let down .
impeccable service and the rooms were very nice and comfortable . . . .but something was missing to make it more than an average experience .
it 's near the airport so be prepared to talk loud when the 757's are at full throttle across the street .
while the beaches are nice ( but nothing compared to vieques ) , it was over - crowded , hard to find a seat and way too many kids running around .
it was like day care by the pool . . . not my scene .
romantic couples who want peace and quiet and a bit of privacy should either head over to the vieques , culebra or some other island or find a high - end boutique hotel in/near old san juan ( which was the highlight of that part of the trip .
again , the service was outstanding and everyone went out of their way to make the stay enjoyable .
great for families , not so great for those who want a bit of solice on their time off .
a bit noisy but nice overall spent the end of the week at the ritz after spending earlier part at the westin .
the ritz 's service from check - in to getting our bags was very efficient .
reminded me of a ritz .
although we arrived early , we were lucky to have our room ready ( deluxe king bed room ) .
although the airport is close by , we never heard any airplanes from the room , however , to my surprise , we could hear our neighbors in their room when they laughed out loud or had their tv up especially during the superbowl .
soundproofing was lacking btwn rooms . the pool is rather small and did not have a kid section for my 18 mo old so we spent our mornings at the beach which my son loved .
we were up early every day and watched as they cleaned the beach , set up the chairs/umbrellas , etc .
the gym/classes were good and enabled us to work out .
we had the buffet bkfast at the grill each morning which was solid for a buffet .
we had dinner one night at the grill which was very good and expensive .
we spent the afternoons in old san juan which was lovely .
el morro was a hit for our son since we let him run around . one problem during this stay is that my wife lost her wallet .
not sure where but on the hotel grounds .
security helped us file a police report .
otherwise , we had a good time at the ritz considering the cost .
service was wonderful , room well kept , lots of space and my son had a good time there .
ritz - - -not worth full price we visited the ritz in early december , and were able to take advantage of pre - season rates , which made the stay worth what we paid when booking a deal which we did via this site and expedia .
but travelers doing so must be aware of the added 20% or so to any room rate with the combined taxes and resort fee which we discovered were added after we booked the room on the site . were we to have paid top rate , i would have been very disappointed in our ritz experience .
while staff and service were top - notch , the pool is crowded with beach chairs and with a predominantly new york clientele , many of whom speak loudly on cell phones disturbing the peace that most people seek on vacations . the beach is a better choice , and while the surf is a often a bit rough , beach chairs can be moved to more quiet locations . most rooms have no balconies , so one cannot enjoy relaxing privately outside while enjoying the tropical sunset . we did enjoy lunches at the poolside restaurant , which were extremely well - prepared and generous in portion , though very pricey .
cleanliness and maintainence issues here my husband , sister and i just returned from a 4 night stay at the ritz san juan .
we decided to slurge on a room in the ritz carlton club and paid 865.00 per night , 85.00 p/d in resort fees ( total bs if you ask me ) and then the tax for a whopping amount of almost 1,100.00
per night .
we had a late flight coming in and were told by the conceirge that the club would be open until 11;30pm that night serving drinks and snacks .
when we got there at 10;00pm it was closed up like a drum .
so we were relegated to the lounge bar and spent 100.00 on 2 glasses each for some cheap rot - gut wine .
now off we go for a snack . . .
we were told a chinese restaurant was open in the casino .
we were seated by a surly chinese maitred ' to see 18.00 for a bowl of won ton soup and 9.00 for one eggroll .
i mean - -we are sports when traveling but come on ! needless to say , we got up and walked out .
casino was nice but the machines were fixed that you never received any coins back to play .
20.00 literally went in 5 minutes .
this happened the next night as well and to all the people around us and to those with whom i spoke .
look . . . i expect to lose , but usually you get a few coins back here and there to keep you playing for a while .
forget it here !
the greed of the casino is overwhelming .
so we did not go back for the rest of our trip .
too bad too , because my husband and i enjoy playing a little bit each night after dinner .
got to our room and a/c was broken .
men tried until 3:00am to fix it to no avail .
hotel had no where to move us so we literally sweat it out our first night .
they fixed it the next day but we could not used our room until 4:00pm cause it was filled with workmen and saws and ladders .
the main window was so dirty that you could not tell if it was sunny or rainy outside .
the terrace was never cleaned of all the bird droppings , our plasma tv sound remained broken for our stay , the toilet overflowed and the shower flooded the bathroom if you did not stand a certain way .
maid never replenished our towels and soap even after we asked our dour faced maid nicely for a bar of soap .
turn down service left all dirty towels in our room and maid left candy wrappers for us to throw away . the club presentations were nothing like the club in cancun .
breakfast was just some buns and fatty cold cuts .
lunch ws the nicest food display of the day with beautiful fresh salads , cold cuts etc . . cleanliness was an issue here in the club as well .
glass was ridden with childrens sticky fingerprints never to be cleaned .
tables not wiped down after use .
the men in the morning wore the same filthy uniform siuts with dried crusted food on them for our entire stay . also they both had head colds , and one of then kept wiping his nose with his bare hand and then going around handling all the food displays .
needless to say , i caught a vicious brochial cold and it cost me 210.00 to see the hotel docteor .
many people around us at the club began sneezing and coughing as well . spa was very poorly maintained with the shower , jacuzzi and steam room remaining broken for half our stay .
notice they did not reduce our resort fee for lack of services .
and all employees expected tips from opening doors to laying down a towel . on the plus side , the gardens , lobby and public aresa were beautiful .
beach was nice as was the service .
they came around with cold towels and frozen fruit to enjoy .
the only problem was they came to take your beach umbrella away at aound 4;00pm and if you were napping as i was , you realized you had no umbrella until you awoke with a sunburn as i did !
well , my friends this was my experience at the ritz san juan .
hope this review helps .
very good but . . . my wife and i went to the ritz dec 11 to dec 18.
we decided on it because she is 3 months pregnant and we wanted something easier to get too . good points - easy access .
from the mainland us puerto rico is an easy flight with a great deal flexibility .
it is a very easy trip to the airport , just a 5 minute ride ( watch the cabbies we were informed it shoul dbe an $8 cab ride but we were charged $18 going and $14 going back ) .easy to keep in touch .
my blackberry worked and us cell phones worked there .
if someone wants to go away and be able to easily keep in touch with work , this place is great for it .
the hotel also gets all us tv stations so you can even keep up with your favorite shows . nice pool area - the pool area was really nice and very realxing .
the chairs are those nice ones with the padding .
on any given day many people were taking naps and it was a mellow relaxed atmosphere .
there is a great deal of shade in the pool area between the palm trees and the hotel itself .
when we wanted more sun , we went to the sunnier beach . service - the concierge was great .
they recommneded restaurants , made reservations etc . .
in general the staff was great except at the restaurants .
they were clueless and slow for breakfast and lunch .
we did not eat at the vineyard ( the fancy restaurant ) it was closed while we were there . bad pointsthe beach - in general the beach area was just ok .
it was not the nice exotic looking beaches that one sees in other parts of the caribbean .
my wife and i enjoy taking long strolls on the beach and it was just not that nice . value - we had a very nice time but i did not think the cost of the trip was really worth it .
we go the caribbean every year and i tohught we got better value in everything from the trip to dinners elsewhere . good to know - location - the hotel is literally next to airport .
it is convenient but you hear and see every plane take off .
that diminishes from the ambiance a great deal .
this is also not an exotic locale by any means .
the hotel is in an urban area close to the airport that just happens to be on the beach .
the el san juan is a 5 minute walk and the interconital a 10 minute walk .
the el san juan has an interesting scene on friday and saturday nights .
while the hotel is an an urban area outside of the restaurants in the hotels , there are no restaurants recommneded by the hotel within walking distance ( there is a local one but anywhere you can get a steak for 9.99 makes me scared . )
anyway cabs can add up from there , we spent over $130 on cabs while in pr and that was just trips to the airport , condado ( $14) , old san juan ( $16) and a few other local ones . restaurants - in general were good but not great .
my favorite was pamelas .
we also went to baru in old san juan good , ajili - mojilio my wife liked , i thought just ok .
we went to the italian and the japanese in the el san juan both decent but not great . spa - seemed nice but we did not use it , casino beat me up too much .
the casino was nice and they either had entertainmnet in the casino or in the lobby lounge . in general we had a great time but i like a more exotic locale and i thought it was not the best value for the $$$ .
otherwise would have been a 5*** .
not the best option . . . my fiance and i stayed 4 nights at el con , along with two of my siblings .
the decor was too cute .
my room came with a balcony and a great view .
the bathrooms and walk - in closets were perfect .
however , my brother 's room had a horrid view ( what a pale concrete wall ) , and they would not improve the room , despite the fact that the hotel was not bustling at full - occupancy .
this was my brother 's fifth time in pr , and undoubtedly , his only stay at el con .
the pools were beautiful . everything seemed to be an inconvenience .
the resort was incredibly far from the airport and night life in san juan or loiza .
you 'll be driving/riding for at least 1 hr .
the caves ( which are a big tourist attraction in pr ) is 1.5 - 2 hrs away .
breakfast buffet was $25 per person plus tax with no traditional pr fare .
to get to the beach , you had to take the elevator to the lower level , walk across the back of the hotel , take the tram down the mountain , show your hotel id to get an id bracelet in order to wait on the dock for the ferry to take you on a 15 minute ride to palomino island - - and the ferry only runs on the hour .
the latest you can stay on the beach/palomino island is 5:30p .
what kind of nonsense is that ? ! it 's still nice outside at 5p .
the wind is finally blowing off the water .
what a waste .
the alcoholic drinks on the island were nasty , expensive ( $8 for a 12 oz .
frozen pina colada from a machine ) and weak ( are you sure that 's rum ? ) .
to add to one 's inconvenience , the self - parking at $15/day was a joke , and it was a hike to get there to/from the lobby .
yes , they had a shuttle to take you to the self - parking lot , but it ran sporadically , and one of the primary drivers was rude and consistantly mia .
you could be waiting for 20 mins .
plus , you had to keep getting the cheap paper tix validated at parking services , instead of them just giving you a key card to come and go .
the food at the iguana bar and caribe cafe were sub - par . overall , after that experience , i would not stay at el con again .
it was just a mediocre hotel with a hefty price tag , considering you 're in pr .
we passed a number of resort hotels on route 3 to get to el con .
not great my wife and i spent the week before easter at the resort .
was there on a company retreat .
weather was not great , windy , overcast and at times rainy .
the resort was ok but far from great .
its actaully divided up into several different areas that are spread out across their property . . . really spread out .
we stayed in the part of the resort down by the marina .
rooms were fine , nothing special but clean and nicely appointed . would suggest that you get a room on the top floor at the marina so that you get high ceilings , and one thats on the corner so that you get an extra window .
each room had a dvd player and a nice lcd tv .
( had to unplug the dvd video cable from the tv to get the tv to show channels and the remote was missing batteries when we got there . )
the rooms each have a balcony which was great for sitting and having a glass of wine at the end of the day .
i suggest buying a bottle/and or snacks at one of the many general stores instead of the restaraunt/bar . .the rooms each have fridges that you can use to put what ever you buy . - but no snacks or drinks were in the room .
( these could have been removed by my company ?
) the draw back to the marina was that in order to get to the main part of the hotel you needed to take a tram up from the seaside level the top level , then walk a long hall way to an elevator to the main hotel . . . sound like alot ?
the positives are that you are down on the water and by the water park and the boat that takes you to the resort 's private beach island .
if you are up top , it takes a long tme to get to these attractions . in short , the resort was ok , good for a company event as it has everything a big company event needs , but its really lacking in charm , charater and the layout leaves a lot to be desired .
big resort we just returned from 10- days at this property .
this property is huge .
while it is a nice place for what it is , i personally did not care for it and would not go back .
there was just 2 of us adults looking for a quiet romantic get - away .
we had no idea based on our review of their website that they catered so much to families .
the good : the food is excellent , albiet expensive .
my compliments to the management in that regard .
i do not think we had a bad meal the entire trip .
the wine list was also excellent .
the bad : do not get me wrong , i like kids . . . but they did not have an adults only place anywhere on the resort where you could get some quiet time . . . not even the martini bar ( you could not even have a quiet conversation there ! ) .
we also saw them serving teenagers in the ballyhoo bar in the marina . . . who got pretty obnoxious after awhile .
are not the drinking ages the same in puerto rico ? ?
as a parent i 'd be quite upset that they were serving my underage kids .
we found we had to wait in line for just about everything , from the funnicular that takes you from the top of the hotel to the marina to the ferry that takes you to the only accessible beach on the private island off shore .
in my opinion , the nicest place to swim in the water on the island appears to be reserved for private boaters coming in for the day .
there are no beach chairs in that direction , so they are definately directing the masses to the shallow , windy and more rocky side of the beach .
and when i say masses , i mean masses !
there was one day that not one beach chair was available on the beach .
one of the employees told us later they had counted 1500+ people taking the ferry to the beach that day .
expensive . . . i do not know how so many folks with families can afford to stay here .
bring a small ice chest .
if you have a car , you can stop at one of the local grocery stores and buy snacks  things .
you can walk down to the little marina town just outside of the hotel  buy beer for less than $1 per can ( beers (10 oz cans ) are over $5 each at the resort ) .
you can get ice at the machines near most rooms .
there are small refridgerators in each room , so you do have somewhere to store snacks .
suggestions : rent a car and travel around the island .
we rented a car in advance from enterprise about 4 months before our trip . . . we got a great rate ( $150 for the week for an economy car ) .
they were renting for $59 a day if you rented at the hotel .
the hotel says there is a $15 per day parking fee .
the folks at enterprise have spaces reserved for enterprise . . . they told us we could park there for free if there were spaces available .
we were able to get a space every night , so never had to pay any fees .
bring a small ice chest .
the bioluminescent bay is a must .
we did the motor boat with capt suarez , but the kayaks looked more fun .
if you do not think you can control a kayak , the motor boat would be the way to go .
the rain forest was beautiful .
pack a picnic lunch ( you can get stuff at any local supermarket ) .
after we hiked to the top we had a beautiful picnic at one of the picnic areas within the park .
go to san juan for at least one day .
it is a beautiful city full of history .
we had a great meal at the parrott club .
too big and a little overpriced my husband and i usually stay at a four season 's resort when we go on vacation but this hotel was picked for us by family .
the hotel was nice , but not up the standards that we have grown acustomed to for the price .
this hotel asks the price of a four season 's but unfortunately , not the quality .
it is extremely big and can take a while to navigate .
the prices for food , beverage and room are too high for the quality of the hotel .
definitely not a 5 start resort the el conquistador may have been classified as a 5 star when first constructed years ago but today i would classify as a 3.5 star resort .
the location is beautiful !
that said , trying to get to the beach requires getting on a cable car and then catching a water taxi to palomino island .
if you want to go to the beach , give yourself 30-45 minutes to get there as the hotel has 2 of these cable car type buggys and one has been broken for weeks so everyone has to use just one .
overall , this resort has fallen into disrepair with water stained ceilings , corrosion on many of the elevators , permanent stains on carpets and fabrics , ripped carpets , etc . .the resort is under a major rennovation at the moment and the new rooms are going with a very art - deco theme .
the porblem is that when you look out of these rooms , you are looking at a construction site with tools and heavy equipment everywhere as well as lots of noise .
the couches in these rooms have 2 coushions on them but the look and feel more like crib matresses .
they are plastic and feel like a rock . we moved our room from the new section to the building overlooking the pool .
i would call these rooms vintage .
i love old world spanish looking decor but the hotel rooms were dingy and lacked charm .
ripped carpets , plain walls , cracked tiles , and water stains were all apparent in my room and true also for the others i was traveling with (16 rooms in total ) .the pools were nice but the drinks were pricey .
it was $60+ dollars for 3 frozen drinks and 3 bottles of water .
ouch ! we travel frequently and for the money spent , i think someone could do much better at on another island .
decent resort with great potential we arrived at the resort on the day of new year 's eve .
i was immediately impressed with the open air foyer but when i stood in line to check in , i grew impatient with the amount of time they took with the guests ahead of me .
the views are spectacular from the property .
be wary of the 'village ' you stay in - it can be a haul to get from one place to another .
we ended up changing rooms to be closer to the main building .
speaking of rooms , we had a nice view of the tennis courts and the golf course - it was a spacious room but was screaming for an update .
there was dual tape deck in our room ( ? $ ! %* ) .
the decor was fine , but something was a little off .
the bathroom was spacious as well , but again , needed to be updated .
once they 're done renovating , i 'm sure it will be 10x nicer .
it 's certainly a great place to take a family for holiday .
there are plenty of activities for both adults and kids .
palomino island is great - just have patience having to wait for the ferry , etc .
the restaurants are way overpriced .
you pay top dollar to get only average meals at best .
the quality of the food does not jive with what 's expected at a high end resort .
if you do not mind spending money per a number of other reviews , this resort would be fine if you did not care about a budget .
i would not rate it a five - star resort - -the rooms were fine , but nothing fancy .
the grounds are beautiful , but you are captive at the resort and forced to pay very high prices at the restaurants .
a trip to a neighboring restaurant (10 minutes away ) cost us $90 (9 of us going ) , as we were forced to take a hotel taxi .
the restaurant also had to have some connecitons with the restaurant , as it was also very expensive .
the high side of the resort is the private island , which is quite unique .
presumably rather crowded , but we went out there at 3 pm , and practically had the place to ourselves .
my husband ran around the island ( do not know if this had anything to do with the fact that there are two clothing optional beaches ) and was amazed at the size of several rabbits he saw .
we only ate at one restaurant while at the resort , mainly because of the price .
we ate lunch at the caribbean themed place in the main area , and it was really overpriced , with mediocre food and quite bad service .
we had drinks down at a lower area bar , and several of our party had burgers there , which seemed fine .
had breakfast at david 's coffee bar , which was overpriced but not as bad as the breakfast buffet . some friends of ours who were at the resort at the same time as we were had money taken from their childrens ' wallets , which were left out .
the robbers took just some of the money , presumably thinking that no one would notice .
very sad they had to steal from children . i also had a spa experience , which was fine , but not worth the outragegeous prices they charged .
so if you plan to come to this resort , come with lots of greenbacks and not great expectations .
some nice features , but definitely not what they charge .
overall a great trip we just got back from el con .
overall it was a great place .
positives : 1.
we had good service overall .
2. the views are spectacular .
3. it is a huge resort , but they have a lot of pools and palimino island so it never really feels crowded .
4. my wife went to the spa and said that it was wonderful .
5. grounds are in good shape .
6. staff was friendly . ok .
here are the negatives : 1. room was somewhat dated , but very comfortable .
2. elevators are slow and sometimes they do not work .
3. a lot of hidden fees .
they charged a $37.00 resort fee and the sales tax on the rooms is 25% .
expect to pay about a $100 per day in fees on top of your quoted room rate .
i was very upset about this .
they said that the resort fee is to run the boat and to run the funiculars .
my comment was they should have given me a credit on my room since i had to use the stairs on more than one occasion to get to my room .
they would not do anything about it .
4. do not go off of the resort unless you have your own car .
it was $40 round trip to go about 5 minutes away .
the concierge said that the cab fare would not be too bad when we asked him what it would be .
he knew that it was $40 because we asked another concierge about it the next day and they said that this was always the far .
cab driver said that they have to give a kickback to the resort .
i felt like i was taken advantage of and it ruined a good night for us . 5. food in the resort is average at best and where we ate for dinner off of the resort was not much better .
it was called passion .
on the way in from san juan the cab driver stopped at place on the side of the road and we had great conch and shrimp salad .
by far the best food we had on the trip and it was $12 for both .
i now know what to expect .
the views were great and the weather was perfect .
overall a good experience .
beatiful resort that needs to work some major issues there have been enough reviews of this hotel ( seemingly mostly negative ) for anyone reading these posts to make their own opinion on whether they want to stay at this resort .
i just wanted to add my 2 cents as i have family that regularly stays in the casitas area of the resort and let me in on some information that any new guests should know . first , this is no longer a wyndham property it has been bought by a company called blackstone ( i am not familiar with them at all ) and the resort is going through a major transition .
please keep this in mind when making your reservations .
i made my reservations for this resort back in may as an american express promotional ; through the wyndham reservations hotline and had a difficult time with wyndham customer service once i checked into the resort .
i had reserved an oceanview room and upon check in i had a lovely view of the tennis courts , also once the luggage was delivered to the room there was white paint on one of the pieces and to put the icing on the cake i did not get the wyndham by request amenities in the room as promised .
i tried to resolve these issues with the management of the hotel but i got a frustrating run around ultimately only being able to leave a voicemail to a generic voice mail box as the resort manager could not be found .
once i ran into the brick wall of no customer service or satisfaction - i called the wyndham 800 number directly and receieved no help and i mean nothing !
i was told since the resort had been transferred to new owners only 2 days prior to my arrival they would not be able to do anything for me .
this made me extremely angry since this was not communicated to me at anytime prior to arrival to this resort .
wyndham gladly took my money for these reservations ( i had to put down a 2 day deposit via my credit card ) and kindly said i was sol .
i will never stay at another wyndham property because of this - i will gladly put my money towards other chains in the future . not to bore you with the details - it all eventually worked out once security got involved to help me with my problem with the paint on my suitcase .
the security manager saw how upset i was ( and i was also on the phone with american express to try to stay at another hotel ) moved me to an oceanview room and cleaned up my bag - thanks again felipe !
once i actually got a manager i even got my wyndham by request amenities but this was a day later . i hope that the new owners will restore this property to the glory that it once was because this truly is a lovely location for a resort .
mediocre i would have to say our time at rio mar was pretty decent overall .
after reading some of the reviews on here , i knew where to go and what not to do .
since our package included airport transfers , this was great so we didn?? have to scramble or pay the ridiculous 30/trip/person .
the van provided by the hotel was nice and clean , but smelled a bit funky .
a/c was on full blast and the drive was about 35 minutes to the hotel around midnight . we did sign up from the wyndham rewards before we departed and this is a must !
they are able to offer you free in - room internet , a welcome package of babybel cheese , crackers , two sodas , and bottled water the first night .
the internet is removed when you check out , so make sure to have them do it .
unfortunately our package did not include continental breakfast , but when we checked in , they said we did , so it was annoying having to dispute this at the end .
as far as the fridge goes , they informed us they used to have minibars , but they removed them recently .
having heard this , we opted for the fridge for $25 for our whole stay .
they failed to mention the fridge of the minibar was still in the room , so we had this charge removed at the end of our stay as well .
unfortunately , they were not too friendly when we were checking out since we had a few charges to dispute .
it?? not like it?? coming out of their pockets ! we realized their concierge staff was hit or miss .
one didn?? even speak english that well and directed us to go to seven seas beach in fajardo when it was closed on monday .
it seems most beaches are closed on this day in pr .
luquillo beach right east of rio grande was closed as well , but we parked at the kiosks and walked on over after our meal at kiosk #60. kiosk #60 had some really good super - sized empandas filled with beef or chicken .
we also purchased a dollar of braised pork chunks , and a side of rice and beans .
pretty good overall !
the hotel did suggest going to la parilla , but we thought it was going to be tourist - laden , so we opted for #60 per our employee at enterprise rental .
rio mar is a good drive from san juan , but we booked our rental car via enterprise in fajardo online .
we were picked up from our hotel since they offer ??e??l pick you up service? ? and
this was great since it ended up being only $60 for five days !
rio mar offers avis on site , but they of course were not able to beat our price quoted by enterprise .
after we dropped off our rental on the last day , they drove us back to the hotel , so we could catch our shuttle to the airport .
this is what i call service ! we drove to old san juan on our first day and the driving community in pr is a bit crazy , but not what i expected .
imagine bad drivers in the us not signaling .
i drive in nyc , so this wasn?? too bad .
we found free parking off paseo de la princesa next to a their main parking lot all the way in the back next to some office buildings .
free is great !
we took a walk around and got some great shots !
one of our other days was devoted to driving to ponce and this was a super scenic route !
once we got to ponce , it was kind of a disappointed so most of the city reminds me of a bad grand theft auto game .
okay , but i won?? be going back again .
we had some ice cream at king cream and guanabana was great .
there were tiny little spider looking bugs , which crawled throughout our room and bathroom .
gross , but this didn?? bother us too much .
the food is ridiculous and if you want a cappuccino from the erl caf? , they are slow as hell !
we saw numerous people leaving the line since they could not get it going .
i will have to say the coffee here was much better than marbella?? . palio was our last dinner and i ordered the scallop risotto in pesto .
i wished they would??e cooked the scallops less since they ended up being a bit chewy .
the clams and mussels in their tomato sauce was great !
overall food was crazy expensive here at the hotel and i wish there were other restaurants in the area . as for other restaurants , richie?? was not great .
the view was great , but that?? about it .
we had a server who was not very smart and they must have had the worst coffee in the history of coffee .
i ordered a monstrous churrasca , which was way too much food and kind of bland .
we got bit up by mosquitoes and left with a dozen bites on my back and legs .
i would suggest only coming here for a drink and taking pictures .
our server also propped his leg up on one of our chairs to watch football while we were dining and picked his nose , then checked to see if he had and debris on his finger afterwards .
gross . the beach was kind of littered with debris from a previous storm , but they offer free umbrellas when you make your trek to your beach chairs .
highly suggested if you don?? want a sunburn since you??e pretty close to the equator .
we took a trek out 20 minutes west off rio mar and found a really nice secluded beach with showers which branched off of these condo buildings , but we forgot water , so we drank from the shower !
hey , it?? not mexico and i have a stomach of steel . pool and hot tub are open 24 hours , so it was nice to maximize on the cabanas at night and watch the stars .
don?? go by the shore at night because you??l be bit up !
we brought off with us so douse it ! it?? not a bad hotel overall , but not the best .
it was nice our room was upgraded to ocean front vs . ocean view per our byrequest membership !
nice resort - just not that great for us .
we stayed here for 2nights 7/31 and 8/1. the resort is beautiful .
the landscaping is amazing , the beach and pool areas are beautiful as well .
the room we had was a bit old and dirty .
nothing horrible , but not anything great .
housekeeping was bad to non existant , and they charge you $2.50 a day on your bill so keep that in mind .
we had problems with in room coffee being provided and never got hand towels or washcloths .
i even questioned the cleanliness of the sheets - hairs and stains .
maybe they just needed to be thrown out .
no mini fridges .
overall the room was very disappointing .
the pool is fun , we liked the water slide , and liked the fact the lifeguards at pool were really watching the kids .
beach/pool cabanas are $150 for a day , and come with a cooler of drinks and a snack tray .
they do all kinds of things so check the concierge or towel hut for times and places .
feeding the iguanas is a must do ! !the beach is nice , the waves are big and great for boogie boards , we rented them for $15 a day .
we ate at marbella , very reasonable and kids food came out real quick .
it was a big group of us , and everyone liked the different things we ordered .
check out the erl place by the casino .
they have coffee , sodas , sandwiches , muffins , etc . very reasonable and little tables close by to eat at . texas hold em table was closed when we were there , and that is what we wanted to play at casino .
did not do any other games . ride from hotel back to airport - $30 adults $17 kids - heard a taxi ran about $80 so keep that in mind .
plan on leaving 3 hours before flight .
takes a while to get to airport , go through agriculture checkpoint before you get in baggage line ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! security lines were very long .
great spa , nice hotel the beach and the grounds are beautiful and so is the rain forest !
the spa treatments are fabulous . . . .and the hotel is ok .
we ate at the steakhouse and the italian place , both were very good .
there are other properties in pr that i enjoy more .
good but not great we have traveled to puerto rico on april 6-10 2008.
i did a lot of research before finally settling with rio mar . the only reason why i was not greatly upset about my choice was the fact that i got a good deal on the trip package .
otherwise this hotel is clearly not worth to spend a lot of money . the worst part was the beach .
it was flat out terrible .
first 2 days they did not even clean it , so it was covered in seaweed and trash .
waves were huge !
impossible to swim or enjoy water .
also , sand was pretty bad .
nothing like beautiful white sand beaches we have seen in jamaica . food and drinks were pretty expensive and not that good at all . basically you have one kitchen just different restaurants ( more like rooms ) .
average price on drinks $10. we had a breakfast once and one dinner ( dinner was $90 for 2, cheapest plates ) .
service was good , though .
housekeepers came in 3 times a day .
room was good and clean , but not tropical or fancy , just standard room .
the best thing we did was renting a car .
it saved us tons of money and we had so much fun driving around to closest towns and exploring on our own .
plus we saved money by eating off the resort .
but honestly , food in puerto rico is very boring .
i did not try anything i liked more than just to satisfy my hunger . i have many pictures of our puerto rico trip .
day one was area near rio mar .
day 2 old san juan ( loved it ! ! ! ! ) .
day 3 el yunque forest .
here is the link to albums , look under places , you will see 3 albums from that trip . http : //public . fotki . com/dsfotki/places/
4 " carribean stars " european couple spent 4 nights at rio mar from april 12th -16th .
booked trip through expedia .
first time to puerto rico . rio mar is very expensive for the somewhat mediocre standard .
the whole resort is of usual 4 star carribean standard , but service/management is of higher quality than in 'spanish ' carribean places . we got a free upgrade from resort view to ocean view , in main building .
write them in advance . room was alright - almost nice , but not great .
bathroom was roomy , however , the handyman must have had 10 thumbs and no ruler when doing the installations/tiling . floor cold as ice , conditioner noisy and could not do heating .
on positive side there were no mosquitos/bugs on this time of the year .
: ) great bed !
the problem with rio mar is that you have to pay for what - ever move you make .
25 usd for breakfast buffet , plus some times the waiters add 15% gratuity on the bill .15
usd per day for wifi in the room .20 usd per day for parking for rented car .
you do want to rent a car to get around .
valet staff have the slowest 'walk ' i have ever seen . food and beverages are quite expensive , e . g . 5 usd for local beer and 10 usd for cocktails which arent all that .
a good lunch or dinner for two will set you back 100 usd plus wine/alcohol . a dinner in the japanese restaurant scared us off from eating anything else than breakfast in the resort .
i cant recall having tasted more bland sushi/rolls/salads anywhere else . pool - area was nice , but sunbeds were only good in the adult section .
not enough sunscreens .
150 usd for renting a poolside cabina/tent - roof per day - crazy ! the iguanas were funny - suddenly running down the palms - even moved around near the pool .
do go for iguana feeding at 11.00 - especially if you are childish or have kids . the beach was nice too , but somewhat windy .
surf probably too big for kids younger than teenagers .
the beach could look a lot nicer with better sunbeds , sunscreens and decor , but as it is now , its not attractive to lie there . you need a car to get out of the resort .
we had diner at richie 's app . 1 mile up hill to the right .
fantastic view , friendly service and very nice food .
generous portions . the best food we had was at la parilla app . 10 minutes drive on eastern beach .
perfect seating for having dinner and watching the sun go down .
really nice food , with a good local touch , but huge portions .
friendly service and reasonable priced .
many regulars .
probably a busy area in week - ends .
dont get scared off by the local touch of the many kiosks there .
do drive up el younqe rain forrest .
fantastic to drive uphill through the jungle , great views , water falls , fantastic nature .
unfortunately , it was raining cats and dogs when we were there , so we didnt go walking on the tracks .
nice time overall my husband and i were on a mini - vacation and did a lot of relaxing . . . almost too much .
the hotel was very clean , beautifully decorated , friendly staff , but no after hour activities .
we normally enjoy dancing and staying out late , something we do not do at home with the kids .
there were no places to do this .
i am not sure if this is because of the off season or if this is normal .
we found the resort to be very expensive .
we were well over our budget when we left .
we did have the couple 's massage and enjoyed that very much .
they are very nice and professional in mandara spa .
we enjoyed shimas , the asian restaurant and the grill room was okay over at the country club .
the best meal i had was the spaghetti with meat sauce at palio . . . amazing .
i did not know spaghetti could be so good .
the breakfast buffet was $25 per person , a sandwich at the pool was $10, and the drinks were around $12 each .
the fitness center was nice , and the grounds were beautiful .
the pools were lovely but too quiet .
they need to break out the music !
of course , some folks want it quiet so it all depends on your definition of vacation .
the resort was a 40 minute ride to old san juan .
this was our second trip to puerto rico so we were not going to take the tour , but after a few days we had to just to find something to do .
if you want quiet and relaxing , this is your place !
if you want some entertainment , you might check out someplace else .
not worth the money this hotel looks much nicer than it is .
it is very expensive , and massive ( too big ) - and yet they charge for everything .
if you have a car , you are forced to either pay $15/day to self park or $20/day for valet parking .
the only free wireless internet is in the lobby - it costs $15/day to have it in your room .
the restaurants all cost about double what they should , and only the italian restaurant is really worthwhile .
it is a beautiful property , however , and very close to the rainforest ( dont do the hotel - organized tour , go yourself ! ) .
the pools are big and well - maintained , and the beach is nice but the ocean is pretty rough .
overall , not worth the money to book directly through the hotel .6.5/10
could have had much better service the wyndham rio mar is a beautiful property .
unfortunately , we found the staff subpar like many of the reviewers .
for example , we arrived to check in ( at around 10:30 pm ) , the clerk was busy entering something in the computer for 3 to 5 minutes .
she did not acknowledge our existence until she was finished .
there was nobody else at the desk in front of us and we had to patiently wait for her to finish up what she was doing .
you would have thought that checking in your customers would be more important than doing computer work . other problems included a locked in room safe .
the previous tenant never unlocked the safe .
we went to the reception the next morning before heading to el yunque and asked them if they could unlock the safe when we were gone .
the front desk said they would , but they never did .
thus , we ended up carrying our valuables with us . next , when the rooms were made , tea bags were not replaced .
we had to ask for additional tea bags for 3 straight nights . then , there was a missing do not disturb sign in the room .
we had housecleaning knock on our door each morning to see if we were there ( which we were still asleep ) .
finally , because the rooms do not have a microwave oven , we called the front desk to see if they would heat up our food .
the front desk told us to come down , and they would warm it up in the employee microwave .
when we got to the front desk , the staff sent us down to the marbella to microwave our food .
the hostess was not friendly .
after consulting with her boss , she did microwave our food .
the next day , we went back down to the marbella and encountered the same hostess .
she told us to come back later since they were busy .
we ended up going to david 's and asked them to microwave our food .
the clerk at david 's was surprisingly cheerful ( the first smiling face at the rio mar ) and helped us .
enjoyed my stay i enjoyed staying at the hotel .
we were upgraded to a nice ocean facing junior suite .
i do have to agree with so many of the other reviewers on the hotel food .
i really was disappointing with the choices and quality .
i do not mind paying high prices for food but they should really do something about the quality and variety . the hotel staff were pretty good .
our requests were taken care of .
the grounds of the hotel were beautiful and kids had a good time in the pool and the water slide .
one of my biggest compliant against the hotel was the ridiculous resort fee that they imposed on my stay .
i was not told of this fee when i booked my trip through wyndham .
i was charged $35 a day for the resort fee .
plus the room fee is charged based on a percentage of your room charge .
never head of such a thing .
i called the hotel to complain about and so far no resolution to this matter .
they told me it was for towels and the spa .
i do not believe $35 a day for towels is justified .
if it was not for this petty nickel and diming i would given it a higher rating .
i will have to be vary of this type of charges going forward at other wyndham properties .
beautiful grounds . . . .not much activity we stayed at the rio mar from may 31st thru june 2nd .
the property is immense and for as large as it is there is actually very little to do other than golfing and swimming .
the casino was closed for renovations and during the week it seemed that the place closed down at 9:00pm .
we went out on the grounds ( poolside ) after dinner to take a stroll with our infant and we felt very 'alone '.
there usually was not a soul out near the pool after 7:00 pm .
no nightly entertainment , which we are used to in most caribbean resorts . definitely rent a car .
the hotel is out of the way and without a car you would be stuck eating at the expensive hotel restaurants .
breakfast for 2, around $50. dinner at palio for 2 ( only 1 glass of wine each ) $150.
instead , try richie 's , antonojitos or don pepe .
also , if you drive south on rte 3 there are many fast food and sizzler type restaurants . drink 's at the hotel are almost prohibitive , so we asked for a fridge in our room and bought beer and wine and the local supermarket ! beach was ok , not too clean .
pool area was nice .
grounds were well maintained .
the rooms were ok , beds and pillows were horrendous , service was ok and slow . . . staff was not too friendly .
had to complain to front desk more than once , not something i like to do while i 'm on vacation . all in all this was an okay vacation with a high pricetag ! also , take note of your bill because we had erroneous bar charges on ours and had to have them investigated before we left . would probably not go again !
too many other places where i can spend my vacation and get a better value !
good overall resort . . nice time . . . but . . .
i stayed at this resort with a large group .
overall i would say it was very enjoyable ( except at the end . . .
i will explain ) .the rooms are very nice , large , and most with a view of either the ocean or mountains .
the beach is very quiet but relaxing .
the water was very clean when we went and calm .
you can see fish swimming around you and thousands of live sand dollars .
that was cool .
the beach is a short stroll from the pool area which was also very nice with a little more action .
there is a bar at the pool ( and bartenders at the beach too ) .
the food menu could be better at the pool bar and it closed early (5pm ! ) .
there is a golf course , small casino , and spa .
what else do you need ? now the bad part . . .
i had a tuna wrap at the pool bar for lunch on the last day and got food poisening ! ! !
i was very sick for hours and almost could not leave the next day .
that put a bad taste in my mouth to say the least ! !
if i were to return . . .
i would not eat at the pool bar which is a shame because when on vacation at the beach and pool . . . sometimes you just do not want to leave . . . and just eat there . i would probably go back .
typical beach resort my fiance and i read the other reviews on tripadvisor prior to booking our trip over easter weekend to this venue .
i would say that most of the other reviews on here give a reasonable portrait of the property .
nonetheless , there are a few things i 'd like to point out that i think are important to booking a stay there . the good : - grounds - the hotel is a lovely property .
we found the room to be very spacious and very clean .
a bit utilitarian ( tile floors ) but wise choices given the beach location .
the beachfront itself is fantastic , some of the best in puerto rico .
there are two pools which are very attractive .
on both the beach and by the pools , there are always enough chairs . -
drinks - as others have noted , the bartenders make fantastic mojitos , pina coladas , and frozen mojitos .
- entertainment - great tennis , golf , casino and lots of bars and restaurants .
you certainly could have a pleasant vacation without leaving the grounds ( though i would strongly advise going off grounds ) .
the hotel can book virtually any activity for you ( at their inflated prices , of course ) . -
family friendly - for those that have kids , it seems to be a great place for kids , but . . . .the bad : - kids - obviously easter weekend is the worst of the worst in terms of there being crowds and lots of families .
the hotel does a great job of providing things for kids to do and it is a safe environment for them , generally , though we did see the hotel serving extremely young minors alcohol on one occasion .
we stayed on the beach and away from the pool , where most of the kids were ( even the quiet pool was full of screaming kids ) so it did not bother us .
they did not make too much noise in the halls , though i could see that being an issue . -
service/speed - i simply do not buy the concept of caribbean time and as long as i am at an american - owned resort i consider extreme slowness and incompetence unacceptable .
the hotel first tried to put us in an out - of - the - way room with two double beds until we complained and got the king we booked .
because the hotel is also the country club for wealthy locals , i repeatedly noticed that puerto rican locals were treated much better than out of town guests .
the bartenders at the pool area were almost comically slow with drink service , to the point where other guests were yelling at them as they stood joking around , entering their tips into the computers , and otherwise not serving people .
- restaurants - the breakfast at marbella was fairly good .
we also had dinner at aqualuna , the seafood place .
it was pretty mediocre .
prices are basically on the higher end of new york prices , but the quality is not there - typical of a beach resort .
even for new yorkers , we got some sticker shock when we saw that the italian restaurant was charging nearly $30 for plates of pasta . there are several local places that are enjoyable , including antojitos down the street .
we also liked las vegas , just down the road , for dinner .
we stayed here on starwood points over a very busy weekend and were generally pleased with how the hotel handled the crowds .
it was of course annoying that service was sometimes slow , and i was irked , though not surprised , at how much they nickel and dime you ( nothing is complimentary , including in room internet ) .
if you want an easy place to stay , it 's a good place , and i note that on the following monday ( our last day ) it got much quieter and more relaxing .
overall , not much about the place surprised me .
westin rio mar dec , 2006 stayed with a group at the westin for a few days .
the property is a little older compared to other resorts and the room are nice but not great .
both pools are nice and the beach is welcoming .
we had red flags up during our whole stay and the lifeguards were not allowing people to swim .
no watersports either due to the high winds .
the poolside bar is very small and the drinks are very expensive ( $10 each for mixed , $5 for 10oz beers ) .
lunch options at the coqui outside restaurant are very limited , nicer inside at marbella .
aqualuna was very nice for dinner and palio was ok .
overall the food was expensive and so - so .
unfortunately , due to it 's somewhat remote location , there are few options outside the hotel for meals unless you want to go into san juan ( $90 one way by cab ) .
la parilla restuarant was reported to be very good by others in our group and is only about 10 minutes away .
overall , an ok place but it would not be a place i would likely return considering other better options available .
a mixed blessing we just got back after spending a week at this facility .
there were some very good things and some very bad things . we booked 2 adjoining club level ocean view rooms in october 2005 for a febuary 2006 stay .
they took my deposit and i received a confimation for ocean view club rooms .
about a week before my trip i received a surprise email from the facility confirming my standard mountain view rooms ! ! !
when i called to complain , i was told that they discontinued the club level service but they rebooked us in a similar rooms .
upon check - in , we were given adjoining rooms on the ground floor next to the elevators .
i was furious and was told that they tried to accomodate us but the hotel was packed .
( so much for booking 4 months in advance ! ! ! )the food , as you can read in many of the other reviews , is sub - par and very expensive for what you are getting .
the $19 per person breakfast buffet is just stealing your hard earned money .
$80 for breakfast for a family of four adds up after a while .
the asian themed restaurant is very bad .
service is very bad and the menu is a joke .
if you are a sushi fan and eat at sushi restaurants often , you will die laughing at this menu .
the $9 california roll could have come from our local supermarket . on the good side , the place is beautiful .
the pools clean .
the two hot tubs were fun .
the nightly bonfire gave the place an enchanting smell . housekeeping was very good .
our rooms were clean . the entire facility ( except the casino ) is very clean . the concierge is very professional and helpful .
the best service at this hotel came from the concierge .
snorkeling trips , rainforest tours , and an atv trip through the jungle were all awesome and were professionally arranged by the concierge . if you come here , rent a car ( for access to good food ) .
if you have an avis car , parking is only $5 per day . i would stay here again as long as i could make sure i was getting the room i requested and ate every meal out of the hotel .
depending on your attitude , was a nice few days to relax we were in pr for a few days to get away from the ny winter .
we split our week at the westin and the ritz in sj . i saw from some of the reviews that people were unhappy with the service but we did not encounter any problems .
the staff we met were friendly .
there was a conference when we checked in on the 1st but they had at least 5 people behind the counter so we did not wait long . we had 1 king and 1 double ( for my inlaws ) .
the rooms were cleaned each day and turned down at night .
both were oceanfront as i was upgraded since i 'm a gold level for starwood .
i would say that i have been in better westins but i came for the weather/beach/pool so it did not bother us .
we brought our 18 month old son and he loved the pool and beach .
the staff at the pool/beach were helpful .
we all enjoyed the pool .
it rained in the morning but was beautiful by afternoon .
we had the buffet breakfast at marbella each morning and the food was good , no problems .
we had lunch at the outdoor cafe , again basic food , nothing special .
we drove out each night for dinner so ca not comment on the restaurants .
we did hit the hotel bar which was nice . when we checked out they did mess up the bill for the valet parking but otherwise it was quick and efficient .
rio mar . . . nice pool and beach but would not do it again . . . stayed at the rio mar from 11/22-26 ( thanksgiving week ) and found similar problems as had previously been posted in other reviews .
to be kind , i will start with the positives .
check - in went smooth on the tuesday before the holiday but i did see long lines on wednesday and thursday .
our room (6126- oceanview ) was kept clean and housekeeping could always be found in the hallway if we needed extra towels etc . . yes , the beach and pool areas were very nice .
although it was a holiday weekend there seemed to be plenty of lounges available ( although the immediate poolside chaises had belongings on them by 8am ) , i did see staff adding more chaises later in the day so that nobody was without a place to sit .
the pool area is very pretty and my kids had a blast on the water slide .
there was some construction going on which was a bit annoying ( large hoses stretched across the entry area to the beach on tuesday and wednesday ) they did take a break for the holiday weekend .
the beach was nice with plenty of lounges . because it was a holiday week the hotel was booked solid and with the exception of tuesday night , all the restaurants were open .
there seemed to be plenty of staff whom were all friendly and helpful .
all the restaurants have a kids club menu which was great for my picky kids .
now , to my issues . . . the major one being the food .
we ate at shimas ( asian ) , palio ( italian ) and the grill room/iguana pub on the golf course .
shimas was by far the best with the sushi being what i am used to eating at home for about the same price .
the biggest let down was palio . . . very limited menu with high prices for sub - quality food .
i am from the ny area and am accustomed to paying a bit more when i am out to eat but for that i expect to get a good meal .
at the rio mar i did not .
not for a single meal ( other than the sushi ) did i feel that it was worth the money that they were charging .
we never made it to the buffet breakfast because we do not generally eat a large breakfast and for $18 a person it would not have been worth it .
we also did not go to the buffet thanksgiving meal because at $45/adult and $22/child , i could just not justify spending the money since by thursday i had already learned enough to know that it just would not be worth it .
the restaurants on the golf course did have a bit more of a selection but the calamari looked like frozen onion rings and my $30 roast duck tasted like rubber .
the saving grace ( stretching it ) was the david 's cookie bar in the lobby .
it served coffee , pastries , ice cream and snacks .
that was where we had breakfast in the morning and ice cream for the kids at night .
once again , the prices were incredibly inflated ( $3 for a large coffee ! ! ) .
the rooms were so - so . .although as i stated before , they were kept clean but are in severe need of updating .
the bathrooms are out of the 80's and the brown wooden furniture looks like it belongs in a childs room .
the public bathrooms in the lobby had already been updated and were in much better shape although it seemed that out of all the stalls only one or two in each bathroom had working locks .
not sure why that problem hasnt been addressed yet because it was truly annoying .
a few tips if you will be traveling there : rent a car and use the self - park , bring snacks to eat poolside , dont limit yourself to onsite dining you will be greatly disappointed , bring bug spray and use it all the time , make sure to go to the rainforest in your car without a tour . .its free ! !despite the problems , we did have a nice time and met many nice people .
the kids had a great time at the pool and beach and really loved the iguana feeding every morning at 11 am .
we did have alot of clouds and rain but the kids activity director had many things planned to keep the kids busy .
i would not return to the rio mar strictly due to my issues with the dining .
i enjoy quality food and dont like to feel that i am being ripped off each time i eat a meal .
hope you found this review helpful . shelley 
at best , average i 'm a starwood preferred member , so when my wife and i decided to vacation in puerto rico , we decided to take a chance on the westin rio mar , even though we saw mixed reviews here .
we had a ??ixed? ? experience as well , and probably won?? return ? ? certainly not during low season .
the good=======nearly all of the frontline staff was great .
they went out of their way to attempt to make up for the lack of open facilities .
while some weren?? overly efficient , they really tried hard and had a good attitude . nice beach , never crowdedbeach chairs are provided at no cost , unlike some other starwood beach resortsexcellent spa and nice workout facilitiesnear el yunque , which made for a great day - trip .
super guide ( harry ) provided by the hotel .
great ??ature? ? sounds
? ? we really grew to enjoy the tree frogs singing at night . the bad=====of the eight restaurants advertised at this property , only three were open regularly during our stay .
of these three , two required a shuttle bus ride to the golf club , making it inconvenient to grab a quick bite .
if you want to eat off the property , it will cost you $15 each way to any of the nearby restaurants .
the lack of eating choices was our single biggest complaint about this resort .
it?? obvious that they do their best to keep you on the property , so it?? only fair they provide guests with a decent selection of places to eat or give guests advance notice of what to expect . our housekeeping service was pretty spotty .
we stayed here for 8 nights , and didn?? even get maid service for a two day period ( midway through our stay ) until we called service express .
it was also clear that the staff didn?? change our sheets when we placed the ??hange our sheets? ? placard on the bed .
musty hallways and very thin walls - - we jokingly tried to guess what our neighbors were going to order for breakfast each morning because we knew we would hear them the second they discussed it .
the property was also renovating some rooms , so between about 9-5, there was constant banging/drilling/hammering coming from somewhere or other . the average========the casino was nice for a diversion .
however , there were not very many table games , and the odds weren?? very favorable for the player .
for example , at blackjack , you could only double on 9, 10,  11, you couldn?? surrender , etc .
even though advertisements for the casino prominently display people playing craps , we couldn?? find a craps table anywhere .
while playing , you will *not* get a drink if you??e polite , period .
table limits were low , though , and we always were able to find a $5 table when we looked for one . the food was unspectacular , even at palio , the ??lagship? ? restaurant .
as one might expect , the quality of the food does not match its price .
if you have kids , i think this property is for you .
if you??e looking for peace / quiet / romance , i?? not sure you??l find it here .
for example , the ??uiet pool? ? (polite
westin - speak for no kids ) always had 3-4 children running around/screaming , etc . parents were either oblivious to or ignored the westin?? effort to set aside an ??dult? ? area . no place is perfect 100% of the time , and we generally are very laid back about little mishaps that give a vacation ??haracter? ?
however , this property had way more of them than i??e ever experienced at starwood property 
a few helpful hints the resort itself is gorgeous ! !
it looks just like the pictures . just a few helpful hints . . . . .1.
there is a shuttle from the aiport to the hotel ( and back ) .
it 's $27.50pp one - way .
make arrangements thru the hotel prior to arrival .
when we called the hotel inquiring about transportation we were told there was no shuttle and that most guests take a taxi for $80 one way .
mis - communication or lie ?
i 'm not sure . . . . .
the ride takes anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour depending on traffic .2.
if you need a microwave or refrigerator you must request one be placed in your room , provided one is even available .
the mini - bar fridge is not cold ; so do not think you 'll be able to empty it and put your things in and then put the mini bar stock back later .
we had a fridge delivered to our room .
we placed our left - overs ( from a delicious off - site restaurant called metropol ) in the fridge and went to bed .
the next afternoon , after a visit to the rainforest , we returned in hopes of some really delicious left - overs .
what we found was a fridge that did not work , ruined food , and a horrific smell .
( rotten fish ! ) management did compensate us the food cost but we 'd already returned our rental car and could not return to metropol for more . . . . heartbreaking , to say the least . also , they charge $35 per stay to have a microwave placed in your room .
i 'm not certain how much for the fridge , though . lastly , on our first night there i called and asked if there was a microwave anywhere on site that i could use .
i was told no .
i asked again so , there 's not even one microwave anywhere on this entire property ?
again , she said no . mis - communication or lie ?
again , i 'm not sure . . . .3.
the quiet pool does not exist .
there are two pools within very close proximity and the kids are everywhere ! ! marco ! ! ! ! ! ! ! polo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it 's quieter on the beach .4.
if you 're planning on spending the extra money for a governor 's suite , please do not .
it 's not any bigger or better than a regular room .
one of the hotel employees gave us a tour and i was not impressed . . . . .5.
the casino and bar area tends to be quite smoky .
if you 're allergic or sensitive to smoke ( as i am ) you 'll enjoy the east wing first floor piano area a little bit better .
though you wo not be near the action .
6. oh and before you spend $3.00 on a bottle of water in the gift shop .
there 's free bottled water in the fitness center .
help yourself ! ! ! : o ) just a few helpful hints . . . . . . enjoy ! !
big bucks - adequate service stayed there twice over last six months because it was in close proximity to my aunt who is in a nursing home .
room rates are what i believe expensive .
about $200 per night the first time and $400 per night the second time .
( went with my wife and got continental breakfast , a small buffet dinner and a top floor room included ) both time i complained to westin about minor service items .
they included a room safe that did not work , room info book not up to date , continuously broken elevator between lobby and garage as well as other small problems .
normally this would not bother me but at the price per night it did . now what 's nice .
the location is very good , the grounds are great especially if you play golf .
the first time i used some of the resturants and they were fine .
the second time we only puchased one lunch by the pool and it was okay . bottom line if it were not for the convienenced regarding my aunt i 'd stay somewhere else .
service was hit or miss nice resort , overpriced food .
some of the grub was excellent some of the grub i would not give to my dog .
some of the resort staff were very helpful some of the staff were useless .
the first day we were there , it took three phone calls to get maid service .
they finally came at 7pm .
if i had to go back to pr , i would stay here again .
but , hopefully , i wo not ever have to go back to pr .
do not expect too much my boyfriend and i just got back from puerto rico ( our first time visiting ) and we stayed at the westin rio mar for 4 nights .
it 's an ideal location if you intend to tour the northeast part of puerto rico ( el yunque , luquillo beaches , las croabas biolumenescent bay ) .
the hotel services were good , staff were courteous and facilities were clean .
during our stay , we found that the pools were cleaned on a daily basis , which was a plus due to the heavy usage .
since there were two pools , we were able to get away from the kids by utilizing the smaller pool ( without the slides ) .
like someone else mentioned , you should go early to get your towel supply for the day as they limit up to 5 towels per room .
the restaurant ( marbella ) was overpriced - $12 for a mediocre sandwich , and service was non - existent .
if you are accustomed to service at restaurants in new york , be prepared to be disappointed .
we only had dinner on our first night there because we were desperately tired .
after that , we found better dining options at local restaurants outside the resort .
the breakfast buffet was acceptable , for $18, it better be !
also , be prepared to pay $10 parking per day if you rented a car outside the resort ( if you rented from avis within the resort , you still have to pay $5 per day ) .
the tour package offered by the hotel is again , overpriced .
unless you have no other option , skip them and go on your own .
also note , they 're renovating the spa and laundry room , so if you need to do laundry on your own , you ca not .
however , they give 50% off the laundry service to compensate .
good times in pr my wife and i just returned from a week at the westin riomar in beautiful pr .
i read some of the reviews here before leaving and agree with some of what was said but would like to set the record straight on a number of things .
first our room was very nice ( not musty ) , pool and ocean view and the maid service was excellent .
the food depending on the restaurant was good to excellent ( i ca not understand how people have complained about the food here ) , i highly recommend the sea bass at ajili mojili ( authentic pr dishes ) in the ocean villas and the porterhouse steak at the grilleroom ( located above the golf clubhouse , great views ) .
key tip : find out early the days each restaurant is open during your stay and make reservations , it is very hard to walk - up and get a table even if the restaurant does not look full .
the views of the rainforest were incredible , and there was lots of great nature sounds in the evening ( the coqui frogs ! )
one of the primary reasons we chose this resort was for the golf , and both courses are very nice but not spectacular , they charge $165 to play earlier in the day ( way overpriced ) but offer a twilight rate that starts at 2pm for $105( we booked our tee times in advance right at 2pm ) the pace of play was great and you have incredible views of the mountains and plenty of wildlife ( birds  iguanas of every size ) .
the pools and ocean swimming are great just keep in mind the beach is brown sand and not white .
if you are looking for lots of nightlife this is not the place for you , the only real nightlife is the small casino ( and i mean small ! ) which is very poorly run .
overall the service at the resort was fairly good , a little inconsistent at times but not too bad , but the service in the casino is terrible , the dealers and cashiers are not friendly and there are many slot machines not working properly and they do not know how to run a craps table ( many payouts screwed up ) and the cocktail waitresses in the casino are horrible they disappear for long stretches and one forgot to bring my drink twice and then finally brought me the wrong drink , you will end up going to the lobby bar for drinks , and it does not make sense because the casino is so small .
we were looking for a scenic resort with good food to relax and play golf for a week .
this resort fit the bill pretty well .
if you do not play golf , and are looking for a wider range of activities i would recommend one of the many resorts in san juan , but if you are looking for great views , good food , relaxing by the pool with a pina colada , and a few rounds of golf the westin rio mar is an excellent choice .
not luxury service booked paradisus punta for nine nights in a row , expecting deluxe accommodations , service and food .
stayed in the regular part of the resort ( not the reserve or royal service ) .
rooms need urgent renovation , time and use shows in the furniture .
tv was not flat or widescreen .
mini bar did not work ( staff changed it for another one , which did not work either ) .
a/c was a little noisy .
bathroom was weared off .
the room was clean , no bad odors ; however not what you expect from a supposed to be a luxury resort . food . -
if you are looking for a high end meal you will not find it here , neither in the buffets nor in the reservation restaurants .
been in all the restaurants of the resort , probably vento is the best of all ( which does not mean we were fully satisfied with the meal or the service ) .
fuego was a beautiful location , however the fish was not fresh , it was pretty obvious it had been frozen several days before it was served .
same with the lobster of the marino restaurant .
japanese restaurant was below average , makis were absolutely disgraceful ; tepanyaki was just ok , not any fancier than your local benihana .
buffets were ok , a bit repetitive though .
probably the best places to eat were the italian restaurant ( which needed no reservation ) , the pizza was quite good ; and the chinese restaurant . in a nutshell if you are used to crisp vegetables , fresh seafood and innovative cuisine , go somewere else ! service . -
below average .
waiters are rude and not very attentive .
it can take several minutes for one of them to approah your table with the menu and some more minutes to come back and ask for your drinks order , and so on .
you might have to wait several minutes between your entree and the main dish .
the same with drinks .
since the hotel is huge and there are many restaurants , tipping will not help because it is unlikely that the waiter will see you again , so no incentives for a proper service . service at the bars ( beach bar and lobby bar ) was quite good .
a couple of dollars will get you these guys pouring drinks all night long .
i had to tell them to slow down a bit because my nightly amount of alcohol was being exceeded over and over .
liquors are ok , not really fancy .
black label scotch , absolut vodka , and vs cognac .
no grey goose or twelve years scotch .
did not got anywhere near the pool bar , the same guys were there all day long drinking and laughing at the bar , never saw any of them go the bathroom ! bartenders at the lobby bar would set a party ambience before the nightly show .
pretty cool and entertaining . beach . -
simply wonderful , postcard quality .
white sand and turquoise water .
best beach ever .
the resort has a section right next to the bar and the restaurant were where most people crowd .
if you are looking for a place to meet people , party a bit , that is the place for you .
however there is another area , right next to the club house , were it was quiet , fewer people just tanning and relaxing .
great for a beach lover who does not want to be disturbed ! vendors at the beach . -
a bit pushy , specially if the see you have just arrived ( they can tell because you are not tanned ) .
they will offer parasailing , banana boat , cigars and local furniture .
since it is a spanish resort the european crowd is large , followed by americans and a few latinamericans .
topless is addmitted in the beach and in the resort .
there is some , mostly at the beach . heat . -
days are very hot .
be aware and take a sufficient amount of sun protection lotion for your whole vacation , you will need it .
some people go into the sea with shirts and baseball caps .
there a convenience store but you will have to pay probably 50% more for sun protection lotion than in your hometown . royal service . -
someone told this guys it was a good idea to have two resorts in one , so you will see some areas of the resort reserved for royal service and unavailable for you if not in the royal service .
in my opinion , it really sucks to book a luxury resort and find out that you do not have all the perks of the place .
in my humble opinion it is a lousy marketing decision .
time share . -
they will try to set you up for tour in the new part of the resort .
i refused to it right from the beggining and it stopped .
it is a waste of time and it is time - share pitch no matter if they tell you otherwise .
overall the place is not bad , it is not a luxury resort though .
not sure if it is worth the extra dollar .
sorrounding resorts seem to be cheaper , most neighbors walking by the beach were amazed by the location and premises of paradisus .
birthday vacation the staff was wonderful , friendly , and oh so helpful . although not allowed i tipped the staff and i did receive the royal service . the lobby and beach were beautifulthere was construction when i visitied . there is always the beach and the activites were not available because of the weather .
other than the beach the activites are limited .
so it was more of a realxing vacation as opposed to an adventurous one .
i really enjoyed myself .
i would reccomend the hotel .
average i relied on reviews from this site immensely before booking so i owe it to others to give my review .
we booked 2 connecting rooms for 4 adults and 4 children (1,3,7,11) .
the first thing i must mention is that we booked in the reserve section of the hotel and therefore my opinion is based on accommodations in that section .
the reserve section is the newer section of the hotel .
it is further away from the beach , about a 15 minute walk or a quick golf tram ride , which run by the front of your unit and are fairly constant .
we booked 2 family concierge rooms .
the perks include a concierge that will assist you with pretty much everything including restaurant and activities bookings , special requests , etc .
for example , liquor is not included in the room service , but our concierge made sure i had some cognac in my room every evening ( at my request ) .
we also got a welcome kit for each one of the kids that included t - shirts , caps , floaties for the pool , sandals , and a few other toys .
also as a reserve member you have access to an onsite restaurant ( don?? remember the name ) where you can have menu service breakfast in case you don?? want to go to the buffet .
arrival : airport is nice and customs/baggage claim was pretty quick and efficient .
i recommend you shell out the money for a cab ( about $40) and don?? take the hotel shuttle .
this will ensure you don?? have to wait at the airport and don?? have to make any stops on the way to your hotel .
but more importantly , it lets you arrive earlier than those that were on your flight and also staying at your hotel , creating delays and a line at check - in .
rooms : the rooms were excellent .
all modern appliances/fixtures ; comfortable beds ; very spacious ; nice bathrooms ; we were all very happy and impressed and looked forward to going back to our rooms at the end of the day .
housekeeping did a very good job putting the place back in order after the kids made their messes , although they were not consistent on timings .
one day it would be at 10am , the next at 4pm , etc .
the room service menu at the resort is one of the best i have seen .
although they had nothing fancy , they did offer steak and shrimp dishes , in addition to the usual burgers , pizza , and sandwiches (24 hours by the way ) .
the fridge in your room does not get automatically restocked ; you have to ask for it . food : food was good in the buffets , nothing outstanding .
they need a little more variety .
after about the 4th day we were already tired of it .
the restaurants for the most part were good , although the wait times to get your order were ridiculous ( sometimes 45+ minutes ) .
we did not have any problem getting into any of the restaurants but that was because were had the concierge service .
he took care of all our reservations for the entire week .
we saw quite a few people get turned away because either they arrived late or did not have reservations .
with the exception of the gabi restaurant in the reserve section , all restaurants are in the open so it is hot . liquor : the liquor selection was decent ; if you drink cognac they have remy martin , they also have jwblack , jd , top shelf vodkas and other good selections .
they also have premium liquors such as johnny walker blue and hennessy xo , but they are not included in the all - inclusive and you have to purchase the entire bottle at about 250 to 300 a bottle .
they have a wide variety of tropical drinks .
beach : the beach was outstanding , with minimal seaweed , turquoise warm water , and white sands .
as a reserve member you have access to an exclusive section of the beach and therefore we never had any trouble finding empty palapas ( giant straw umbrellas ) or a spot on the beach .
the best part of this section was the food service ; we were able to order snacks like burgers , hotdogs , sandwiches and pizza and have them brought to us right on the beach ( alcoholic drinks also ) .
this was very convenient since it would have been a hassle to leave the comforts of the beach and have to pick up and go to the buffet when we got hungry .
be advised that there are many topless women walking by and laying on the beach in this area . pools : pools were very nice and large , with convenient swim - up bars .
the reserve section has a separate pool for its members and a special kiddie pool that is pretty nice . entertainment : if you have been to a resort before , then don?? expect anything different from the nightly shows you have probably seen .
if not , then just think high school type performances , including the michael jackson show which seems to be a standard at every damn resort .
on one night , a show took place on the beach where they had your fire - eater , and other ??dd? ? type performances , also included were female dancers on elevated stands .
pretty nice show and a nice break from the usual stage performances .
we only went to the nightclub once and to my surprise it was pretty good .
a good balance of the sexes , good music and friendly service .
shopping : there are several shopping areas nearby , just a short cab ride away .
regardless of where you go however , unless you are with a local , be prepared to be overcharged .
there are opportunities to get good deals though .
i picked up an oil painting for $100.
when i took it to a shop in nyc to get it framed , the owner told me he could sell the painting for $2,500.
the only problem i saw with this hotel was the attitude of the check - in staff .
these people act as if they are doing you a favor by checking you in .
the rest of the staff however were very friendly and helpful .
the time share pitch pretty much stopped after we firmly told them we were not interested .
if you can afford it , and don?? mind not being on the beach , i would highly recommend the reserve area/concierge service ( royal service if you have no kids ) .
having someone to make all your reservations and book all your activities really makes a difference and avoids much aggravation .
not to mention the fact that they will assist you with any special requests .
they issue you a cell phone so that you may contact your assigned concierge directly at any time for your needs .
overall we had a good experience at the resort .
if not for the bad attitude of the check - in staff , and the fact that i congratulated a lady for her expectant child , but then turned out not to be pregnant , the trip would have been above average .
careful of the atm just a heads up . . . . .
i tried to take out some $$ from the hotel 's atm . . . . it dispensed the pesos then immediately withdrew them back into the machine and said transaction cancelled .
so i waited and did the transaction again .
when i got home - - - both transactions had been deducted from my bank account . i am disputing this and my bank says it happens sometimes so they are sure the funds will be deposited .
just be ready and grab that money quickly before it gets sucked backed in . have a great vacation . . . . it is gorgeous ! ! !
not thrilled second time in dr in the last two years . last
time i stayed at ocean blue which was just built at that time . in comparison found paradisus facility to be very old , but food selection and quality was better . if
you do not get royal service get get your restaurant conformations in advance . seems like they want you to eat at the buffets and give you a hard time giving you reservations even if the tables are available .
royal service customers have no such problems .
there is a new section opened two months ago called the reserve , that was beautifull , facility and service at the reserve is worth the money but i was not happy with the old facility and marginal service i received at the old facility 
good for a business meeting , not sure about a vacation my experience of the paradisus was somewhat jaded by having flown in for a meeting after about 20 hours on planes ( coming from new delhi via chicago and san juan ) .
the area was beautiful and the beaches appeared to come straight from a tropical daydream ( white sand , clear emerald water , cobalt sky ) .
the all - inclusive restaurants were good , although not great .
the rooms were very well - appointed and clean , though musty .
as striking as the surroundings were though , i must say that i did not feel pampered as i wanted to .
the front desk made me feel like one of the many tourists they had to deal with ( which was true , but you do not like to be reminded of it in a luxury resort ) .
i found it difficult to navigate the compound and the on - site shopping was disappointing .
the nighttime entertainment was not well attended and felt put - on , which was the feeling i had about everything there in fact .
i hope to return to the dr someday , but i may look elsewhere for a vacation spot .
been there done that i decided to try out the dominian republic for once and it was alright .
i do not think i would return however .
this property was nicer than most of the places in punta cana , but it remains average .
it was an okay vacation , but there was nothing that would inspire me to return to this country .
great beach and pool but would not go back i stayed at the paradisus from october 20-24th , and did experience some of the other problems listed by other reviewers .
we were supposed to have a king sized bed , but had two doubles and it took me an hour to change rooms .
only the rooms are air conditioned so be prepared to sweat while in the lobby or eating your meals .
coordinating a round of golf is an obstacle and it does cost $35 per person to play so it 's not completely all inclusive .
the food is not terrible , but it is not great either .
( while there is a huge variety , some of it tasted stale and old ) .
i 've certainly had better at other all inclusives .
also , not all of the restaurants are open every night and some have private parties so we had to wait for a table almost every night .
we also had small ants in our bathroom . that being said , the beach and pool are great - - - the grounds are immaculate .
the shows at night are entertaining and there are a lot of activities to do during the day both at the hotel and offsite .
the people are nice and friendly but service can be slow .
knowing some spanish would be very helpful as not everyone speaks english .
room thefts vacationed at paradisus punta cana 6/11-6/14/07. hotel was very nice - beautiful grounds , friendly service , food average .
overall would have said it was a very nice vacation .
two major problems : 1.
we arrived at 1pm , check in is not until 3pm .
we did not get into our room until 4pm - we travelled during the off season - so the resort was not crowded , reception repeated told us our room was not cleaned yet and kept advising us 15 more minutes , a familar story that was also told to other guests that we spoke to duing our stay .
2. the day we checked out , we got to the airport when i realized i had left a bag which contained a battery charger to my digital camera in a draw in my room , as soon as i got home i phoned the resort and spoke to 2 people in lost and found who told me nothing was turned in .
i then spoke with a manager and was told he spoke to housekeeping and was told nothing was found in the room .
so obviously the bag was stolen and not reported to the lost and found - which is very dishearting because the bag was a cheap cavas bag w/ only a battery charger in it .
i was also told by another guest who had left some costume jewerly out on her dresser , which was stolen as well and when she reported it stolen the manager told her to call the local police and was of no help .
so be careful about what you leave out - use your safe and triple check your room before checking out ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
overall . . . ok we just came back with our 2 kids age 14 and 11.
overall we had a good time .
the good : great beach and great pool .
grounds were very pretty and kept clean .
plenty of food and drinks .
all what you can expect from a all incluive .
the kids were happy and kept busy at the pool bar and beach .
the bad : we called in advance for a connecting room and we even had a confirmation .
when we got there they informed us that it was impossible .
we had to put our kids in a seprate room .
the rooms were just ok but the bathrooms were disgusting .
i never felt clean .
i wish i would of brought my own soap .
the soap did not even smell .
thank god i brought my own shampoo !
the towels and bathrobe did not seem really clean .
not a good feeling . . . someone stole my husbands baseball hat from our room .
we called the front desk and thery came to pretend to help .
they acted like we lost it and it was not true , the maid stole it . . . overall it was ok for the price .
get the best deal you can and you will be happy .
non - smokers wo not be happy my wife and i have stayed at several all - inclusive resorts in recent years and went to paradisus , punta cana based on positive experiences at the riu bambu ( punta cana ) and paradisus playa conchal ( costa rica ) .
our overall experience was mixed and less than we hoped . grounds are beautiful , room was fine ( except a bit musty upon arrival ) , staff helpful and friendly .
we enjoyed numerous included activities ( e . g . , horseback riding , golf , scuba diving ) .
our biggest disappointment was cigarette  cigar smoke .
we do not smoke and , aside from the hibiscus buffet restaurant , no restaurant ( not one of the 8 specialty restaurants ) has a non - smoking area .
we were constanly surrounded by smoke and it was most uncomfortable .
given that in toronto where we live ( and many other cities around the world ) smoking is not allowed at all in restaurants ( and most bars ) this is particularly annoying .
we 've generally been able to find smoke free areas in restaurants in other resorts but this was simply not possible at paradisus , punta cana .
if you do not smoke and smoke bothers you select another hotel until sol melia gets more progressive and accommodating .
as an aside , several staff said it bothers them greatly too . the other comment is that the restaurants do not pay much attention to vegetables .
in the french specialty restaurant appetizers and main courses were all meat .
a tiny bit of pureed something beside a large steak was hardly a balanced meal .
we ended up going to the buffet for salad before the meal .
on the other hand , if you like lobster , you 'll love the seafood restaurant .
we liked the japanese restaurant in large part because the seating was so close that nobody smoked . hope this helps non - smokers avoid a bad experience .
beautiful beach we arrived in paradisus on august 31st and left on september 5th .
my husband and i are in our early 50's .
we have been to several all inclusive resorts before , so we basically knew what to expect , plus , i had booked this trip 4 months earlier ,  i had time to do alot of research .
we did have the royal service and it is definitely worth it .
i feel like we were treated with the utmost respect .
we do not really speak much spanish , but we had no problems at all .
by having the vip service , anything that you may want or need is right there for you .
just call 1000 from your room and they will assist you in any way .
our reservations for dinner , golf , massages , parasailing and everything else was done for us .
our room was very nice and we never had to ask for anything .
we did take alot of 1's ( 100) and i tipped everyone .
i felt like they all deserved something .
i also took lots of coloring books , crayons , and markers and left them in the room for our maid to use as she wished .
she was very grateful and left us small gifts daily .
the food was good .
the beach was beautiful just like everyone else says .
the drinks are excellent .
be sure and try the coco loco .
tastes like a pinacolda .
we took a taxi to the bavaro shopping center .
you can walk .
the taxi was only $5.
this is where we did our shopping .
the resort has shops but the prices are very expensive .
we bought a painting for $50 at the bavaro shopping center and the same painting at the resort was $350.00.
be sure and do not take the price they ask for anything .
they want to sell you something , so just tell them what you will give them for it .
also , be sure and see the shows in the evening .
the dominican people are very talented and the shows are great !
paradisus punta cana recap we just returned from paradisus punta cana from aug 1 thru aug 9, our experience was one of an interesting nature .
i will say first off the hotel grounds were very nice , dated but well maintained .
it seemed that every corner we turned someone in some way was maintaining the property , whether it be cleaning the walkways to painting the signs .
thank you to all previous posts as they were very helpful and i will probably mirror some comments . *
language barrier was challenging at times , some staff went well out of their way to assist others had very little interest in understanding ( this was the minority ) .
dollar bills help in most cases .
front desk spoke english the best . *
food - was decent , mexican , chinese  japanese among the favorites .
just keep in mind that you are not in the usa .
for those concerned about the water , everything is bottled .
table water is from 5 gal and you still can ask for small bottles .
ice is purified and bagged ; we saw carts delivering the water daily to the restaurants and bars each morning . *rooms -
were dated , this is where we ran into our first  second issues , and we were traveling with another couple and learned quickly that the plumbing was so so .
there was an issue with one of the facilities and when the front desk was called , we were told to place the used paper in the trash rather than to flush .
in the public areas you will see this .
just the initial shock that the front desk made this comment left an uneasy feeling .
long story short .
they did have maintenance check the facility and confirm all was in order .
after several flushes ( or attempts ) still no major change .
2nd call was made , management was then involved which resulted in a 2nd service call to more men arrived rather quickly and told us that there was a problem and would be fixed that evening .
to make matters worse the room was not acceptable on the cleanliness side ; one of the beds had sand between the sheets .
on day 2 better accommodations were made through the involvement of our travel agent and hotel management .
room issues went away for the remainder of the trip due to a room change .
they did provide an iron / ironing board  hair dryer in the room in addition to a safe at no charge . *attire -
for men , expect to wear casual pants each night ( we saw people wearing jeans but not too many ) .
restaurants that were air - conditioned were , japanese ( reservation required ) , french ( reservation required ) and mexican all others were open air dining .
for women , capris were fine .
just no shorts for either .
if you want a ??horts? ? night ,
there is always the buffet or room service , which delivers 24 hours a day . last but not least , the bar on the beach that we called the fish bar due to the mosaic of fish swimming was our favorite ; the bartender at night ( omar ) had a great personality and was a pleasure .
ps try the mamajuana ( local drink ) , omar will tell you all about it .
for those interested in smoking , they offer cigarettes at all bars including the swim up ( marlboro  marlboro lights ) .
cigars are free only at the french  mexican restaurants , all you need to do is ask because there is a ??uy? ? by the main lobby bar that will try and sell them to you . taxes , be prepared to pay usd 10 for each person in your party to enter the dominican republic .
there were rumors floating around the resort that there was a usd 20 tax per person to leave .
we did not pay this to leave , we did hear that it is illegal to tax twice and only people who ask are trying to pull a scam .
only other annoyance was by the hibiscus , there was a row of shops which of course encouraged you to shop , but by then entrance was a guy pushing atv tours and solmelia employees were trying to sell time - shares . we hope this helps , enjoy your trip .
i was hoping to be pleasantly surprised . . but i was not after reading several reviews before my trip i expected paradisus to be a bit less than paradise . .
i must say that it was not as bad some made it out to be .
yes the buffet food is pretty foul and in my opinion they leave meats and cheeses out too much time in the heat ( cheese taste pretty funky . . i 'd stay clear of it . . and i 'm a cheese - lover ) but other than that the food in retaraunts was pretty good .
however it 's not that comfortable eating dinner in long pants in the excessive heat and humidity . . a few are air conditioned ( mexican and japanese ) . . service i thought pretty good apart from the one guy i caught scarfing down the chicken he was supposed to be serving ( gross ) . . .
the beach and ocean were fantastic which was really the whole reason why i went . . i do not think i would return to this resort however .
5 out of 6 sick after returning home as my wife and i returned home from our trip 11/6-11/8, we discussed what a great time we had and how we would go back in a minute .
unfortunately , by midnight that nite , i started getting diaria and i 'm now going on my 4th day .
when i called the other 2 couples who were on the trip , all of them were going thru the same thing within 12 hours of returning .
wish i could narrow down what the exact cause was but we ca not .
we ate a variety of foods and frequented almost all resuraunts .
the sad part is the resort was fantastic , the staff was great and prior to returning i would have given the food an a . also , none of the resturaunts allow shorts at nite so make sure you bring long pants .
a pleasant getaway . . . my husband and i just got back from our 6 day 5 night stay in dr .
i looked on this site many times before leaving and i am not going to lie , i was totally freaking out before our trip that i made such a big mistake with selecting this hotel .
let me get straight to the point .
food was mediocore .
i was very cautious about everything i ate , because i knew of two people who left their vacations early because they got sick from the food .
this is not a 5 star hotel in regards to food , but i might be spoiled from great home cooking and great resturants in ny .
other guests felt the food was good .
i only drank bottled water and tried to stay away from ice .
as for service , at times they did forget what i requested , soda , coffee , etc . . . and other times they were on top of me .
i think they were just limited with the help in most of the restuarants and that made it hard for them to cater to everyone .
at times , we ended up with the wrong food or side dish , because they did not speak english , but we did not make a stink and as long as it was edible and we liked it , we ate it .
the room was great , except for the mildew decorative pillows on the bed , but i just placed them on the floor .
our ac leaked a little bit , but we never complained .
our room was made everyday and we always had a supply of towels , not wash rags ( weird ) .
other guests that we became friendly with did complain that they had bugs in the room ( not roaches , but crickets ) , their bed sunk in the middle , tv broken , etc .
we happen to be lucky and had only minor complaints , which we never even brought to the attention of the hotel .
the pool , beach and premises are absolutely breathtaking , a true paradise !
this alone kept our spirits up the whole entire trip and nothing could get us down .
the staff is always trying very hard to please , even if they do not understand english at all .
bring a spanish/english dictionary , it will help .
the shows and late dancing were always fun .
do not expect to hear much american music , mostly spanish , which was fun , but sometimes i needed a break .
the only place i was able to hear american music was when the pool bartender hector was always nice enough to throw on some bob marley for us .
the people staying at the hotel made the trip fantastic as well .
we met so many nice people from nj , mi , ny , ca and canada , and we had a great time at the pool everyday with them .
the drinks were supurb , they had top shelf liquor and by all means they were geneous .
i was addicted to the paridisus drink .
also , if you book with the travel agent and she/he tells you you are 20 minutes from the airport , you are , but the bus stops at every other hotel also on the island which gets you to the hotel about an hour after leaving the airport , or you have to leave an extra hour early to get to the airport .
take a cab if you want to get to the hotel premises quicker .
would i go back right away ?
i would try other islands first , but it was an easy and quick get away , which was convenient for us ny commuters .
overall , i had a great time depsite the language barrier and food .
this is not a 5 star hotel , but is the best on the island for sure .
we heard complaints on the bus about the other hotels on the island being worse then ours .
i am used to a 5 star in hawaii , vegas , etc , and there is just no comparison .
like i said ealrier the island is gorgoeus !
i think if they worked on a few of their flaws , this could be an amazing island , 5 star !
if you have any further questions , i would be more than happy to help .
my e - mail address : nettya812@aol . com .
bavaro experience we just have returned from bavaro staying there during the week of december 12-19. what we liked : grounds - well maintained beach - is usually clean and well taken care of there are opportunities to take pictures with different animals like iguana , parrots , snake , monkeys ( this was especially of interest to small kids ) .as the platinum guests we did use and liked the services of the platinum lounge : free internet , nice drinks , relaxed atmosphere , massage , and other conveniences .
this was a quite positive aspect of the vacation . to summarize the rest of the impressions : - restaurants : we did not like any of the a la carte restaurants at all . the only one i would recommend : el pescador .
the service and food were very good and deserved a tip .
the rest of the restaurants surprised me with the lack of basic service or/and not very tasteful food .
even the garment restaurant liceys - had absolutely no concept of service .
the food , when it finally arrived , was salty .
we waited for the appetizers for at least 1.5 hours and were getting just smiles instead of food from some of the waiters when they had a minute to spare with us ( and the rest of the empty tables in this place ) .getting any drinks in the main buffet - was an interesting task .
sometimes it took 3 waiters to understand that we need one sprite drink ; sometimes this still was not enough .
even appreciating that this resort does not have the automation/technology foundation and eveyrthing is based on simple papers and writing down manual work , it is amazing how one person never knew what other wrote in the same notebook the first person was using . it absolutely felt like left hand does not have a clue what the right one does . while booking the restaraunt or having any agreement and discussion with one person , as soon as you would come 10 minutes after to continue the previous discussion - the next in a row would look a the same shared book/notebook and would have no indication at all on the previous discussion . it meant that you would need to start your explanations/orders/reservations from ground zero like you have not done this before . overall services in the resort i would rate as around 2-3 stars .
the room service was always at the time when it was not convenient to us like they were just waiting for this moment .
finally we approached the platinum lounge and specified the time for the room service .
it helped probably just for one time . the shows were low quality with spanish as the main language , not even a little attempt to have some translation into english . the kids club : no really kids activities , no english , nobody spent quality time with the kids and our kids were not impressed at all . overall : it is a beautiful resort but i 'm quite surprised with the services or lack of services on this property . would
i recommend this resort to anyone else : nope . the concept of the fundamental services approach , when everything is supposed to be geared towards the client conveniences - is definitely a foreign concept in this resort . again , if you come not from north america and are comfortable with this style of the services , you should be then fine here .
if you do come from places like canada , us where there are basic rules and standards already established : you may not be a very happy camper here !
ok just returned from a weeks stay .
we did alot of reasearch and picked the bavaro princess .
the buildings are showing their age , repairs and a deep cleaning needs to be done .
things are not done to u . s . standards .
the grounds are beautiful and large .
you have to do a lot of walking , or wait for a tram that may or may not have room for you .
the beach was nice , but may wife and i were talking and thought the beach in destin fl . was just as good .
the food was filling , we could not determine if it was made to european standards or just cooked for the masses , it was ok also .
the staff was friendly and even if they did not talk english they tried to be helpful .
there seemed to be a lot of activities to get envolved with or do .
the princess group have employees on their property trying to sell rewards for staying at their resorts , they were pushy and it was annnoying .
not top shelf , but not the bottom of the barrel - go and enjoy i really did like the place , i had fun , except for a few little details they forgot to tell us . never mentioned the tram car that has to take you every where you want to go . .the place is to big ! ! the pool was fun and the swim up bar was great but they should take better care of it .
the water was not as clean as it should be , and it needs a piant job .
they should also invest in some new chairs . . . we up - graded the second day we were there , found you get better service , drinks , rooms , and a really nice dinner at licey 's . . . the food is below average , i 've had better . the beach was great , water was wonderful .
the grounds are kept nice .
we went to captain cooks for lunch and had a blast .
only go if you really like seafood , the food was fantastic , you will not walk away hungry , it 's worth $60.00 per head .
they take you over by boat , you get your lunch , drinks ( beer , wine , etc . )
plus you can swim and shop right ther ! ! the entertainment was run of the mill , we went to chopin 's for dinner to see the piano player on the boat but was not told before we sat down that the boat was broken - no show ! ! !all in all as vacations go it was not bad it could have been a lot worst .
for the money you really ca not beat it .
it 's not top shelf but it 's not the bottom of the barrel ! ! ! go and enjoy , we did ! ! !
beautiful grounds we had originally planned our vacation for the mayan riviera , but mother nature had other plans ( hurricane dean ) .
so the bavaro princess was a last minute and much more expensive alternative .
we had two weeks of vacation but could only get the one week in the dr .
we booked through air canada so were platinum guests which worked out really well .
our room was very nice , but no matter how much or how often we tipped our maid , she pretty much did what she felt like doing no more or no less .
the food was mediocre , but really i did not come here for fine dining .
tip for everyone . .we booked dinner at $40us pp at the cafe de mer ( seafood ) and were sick for the remainder of the vacation due to food poisoning .
another couple also got sick at this restaurant .
just be very careful what you eat and how it is prepared .
the japanese restaurant was our favorite , thank goodness we ate there before the food poisoning .
we had booked the outback safari excursion and unfortunately we were both so sick that there really was no enjoyment in this $80us pp .
the beach is beautiful , unfortunately people seem to use the white sand as an ashtray there were ciggie butts everywhere , quite disgusting and i smoke .
beautiful beach i stayed at this resort from june 10th to june 17th .
the resort was very nice but i was a little disappointed in the lobby , too much exposed concrete .
we had a little trouble checking in because there were 6 ladies , 3 to a room , trying to check in and get adjoining rooms .
we had requested them when we reserved our trip and our agent had requested them again the week before our arrival .
i guess it does not matter because we were told there were no adjoining rooms available .
after several requests and offering to wait to check in or move the next day to have the rooms the desk clerk finally agreed to arrange it but we did not get the adjoining rooms until the next day .
it was worth the effort but i did have to be persistant .
we later tipped the guy for all his trouble . the beach is very pretty but could use a little attention . . . cigarette butts and a little trash pick up .
the sand is great , no rocks and no big waves to fight off .
lots of chairs and palm trees for that much needed afternoon shade . the pool area was nice but i really did not use it much . i played v - ball on the beach several days and it was lots of fun but i disagree that the staff puts together a team and plays for over an hour while guests have to wait .
whose vacation is this anyway ?
most of them were just showing off .
the rooms were very nice and the set up is great .
i do prefer ocean view but the grounds were very nice and the tram was a nice touch .
i have had trouble getting that musty smelll out of my suitcase .
their a/c just does not work like ours . the restaurants were fine .
nothing special except for the asian restaurant .
it was very good .
breakfast at the beach buffet was good too .
i did not go there for the food and there was plenty of variety so no one could go hungry .
the fresh fruit and juices were very good .
the outside self serve water and soda area was really nice . most of the staff were really friendly and accomidating . it was a great vacation and i will return to punta cana but probably not this resort .
it was ok but i would like to try another place .
it was like many of the other resorts i have visited in cancun and the mayan riviera .
nice but not special enough to return to . i had a great vacation but i think maybe this place is a little over rated and over priced .
it was nice but i have stayed at nicer places for less money .
not bad all in all , this may sound like a bad review , but really , we had a great time .
first of all , we booked this trip because it was a great deal .
you get what you pay for .
our room smelled a bit musty and was a bit run down .
this was not a big deal for us since we wanted to lay at the beach and relax for the week and we did not plan on hanging out in the room .
we dealt with it , but day 2 of our trip , we found a cockroach .
staff was quick and immediately moved us to a different room .
boy , did that make a difference .
less musty and just a bit more updated .
the only problem we had with the room was the low water pressure in the shower .
not a big deal . positives : we have been to punta cana before and noticed that the food was better than the last resort .
i 've read several complaints regarding the food , but we actually enjoyed it and felt the buffet had a lot to offer .
the specialty restaurants were decent and we also enjoyed them as well . there are 2 pools in the resort .
the pool closest to the lobby was quiet and relaxing .
if you are looking for more noise and loud music , the pool with the swim up bar would be the one for you .
while the hotel is re - building the restaurant that burnt down , there was slight construction noises , but nothing that was not tolerable .
staff was not overly friendly nor rude .
we had to flag staff down in the restaurants just to get a diet coke or juice .
overall , we enjoyed ourselves and would recommend the resort to someone , but we would not go back .
nice resort !
we traveled to this resort from 03/17-03/24 and the first night we got there the resort had a fire that took down 4 restaurants and a bar . needless to say this had a dramatic affect on our stay .
their solution was to cut the 3 remaining restuarants in half as a replacement for the ones that burned down .
this worked out horribly . . . never enough room for reservations due to over crowding .
the times were all screwed up .
it was awful so i mainly stuck with the buffet which did have some good stuff .
the rice was always good and the beef stew .
had lots of pasta .
the grounds are beautiful and well kept .
the rooms were very nice and above average and always clean .
the beach was stunning .
beware if you have children because this is a topless resort .
i did not know that until i got there and i traveled with my 4 yr old .
made it rather uncomfortable for me to explain .
entertainment was ok at best .
be sure to tip edwin .
very good with children .
not much night life but about 5 mins away there is a good club called mongu .
it is wild .
the resort is so big that walking is not an option .
you must use the tram but for the most part were pretty frequent but hold on or you might be thrown off because they drive crazy .
overall , this was a nice resort but will try something else next time because i like trying new resorts every time i visit the islands .
not all that great - - - read if going here soon ! ! ! ! okay , where to start . . . . . .my boyfriend and i stayed here from march 15th -19th . . . . . the resort itself and the beach here is absolutely beautiful . . . .if you are looking into getting the platinum package , i will warn you , its not all that great . . . .they say that you get the premium drinks . . . .but , it do not matter if you have the platinum bracelet or not , you do not get them unless you ask for them .
the only thing that we thought was good about the platinum package was the fact that you get a private check - in/check - out and you did not have to pay for the room service .
other than those 2 reasons , we did not think the platinum was all that great or different from the regular packages .
there was a fire at the resort on saturday night , the bar on the beach burnt down along with 4 of the restaurants .
they did try to accomodate everyone , but they were trying to squeeze 2 restaurants into 1, so it was not all that great cause they were squeezing all those people into one restaurant .
they did set up a little canopy on the beach as a bar but then you could not get a frozen drink and you were not able to get alot of the drinks that people would normally have , they only had a select few since the fire .
service was not all that great , once in the restaurant a server would come around asking what kind of drink you would like , but by the time they got there with your drink , you were already finished eating and ready to go .
our second day there , we had no hot water whatsoever , we did call the front desk to tell them and we were told that the whole resort was having a problem and they were working on it , well it was about 5 hours later that i was finally able to shower .
if you are looking for a party time , this is not the place for you .
there is no nitelife here .
come 11:30-12:00, thats it , everything is done and it seemed that everyone was then on their way back to their rooms , everyone just dissappeared .
they do have a disco up in the casino , we did try it out 3 out of our 4 nights there and all 3 nights there were maybe 5-10 people in there , so it really is not even worth wasting your time to go up there .
the shows were absolutely horrible , not good at all .
some of the staff are a little funny but others just try too hard and their not funny at all . . . haha .
just incase your agent has not told you , be prepared to see a few topless women on the beach , not too many but some do go topless .
we did not know about that so were kind of shocked once we saw it .
in all , we did try to make the best of it but was not at all what we expected .
we would return to punta cana but do not think we would return to the bp .
beauty and the beast beauty : we stayed at the bp jan 7-14.
this was our 4th time visiting the bavaro area .
as everyone has said , it is beautiful , its hard to top that stretch of beach .
we went with the platinum upgrade , which as nice .
it makes checking in and out a breeze .
if you if you want upgraded beer from the lounge , you have to ask before they would take you to a back room full of coolers .
we did not figure this out until the 2nd day .
never did understand why they were hiding it , since the only guests in the lounge are platinum guests . the food was typical of all inclusives . the service varied from great to awful .
there are a lot of rude people out there in the world , i wo not comment from where .
do not let them bother you .
killing them with kindness seemed to upset them even more .
again , very typical . beast : on our fourth day , i became very ill .
i felt like something was inside my tummy ripping it apart .
it lasted for 10 days .
i could not keep any food in me .
i attributed it to the food at the hotel , however after reading a previous post i had another thought .
we also did the outback safari , which takes you to a ranch for lunch , and then to another ranch to sample a lot of dominican food .
the reps .
ensured us that the food was safe , but i wonder if there could be a link between the two .
i did keep a positive attitude , i would rather be sick in paradise than at home and another plus was that this is the first vacation i came back minus a few pounds .
: ) all in all it was just okay .
we wo not repeat this hotel because of the size .
if you are already booked , rest at ease .
you will have a great time .
every experience is a memory made .
we had a group of 12, we made a lot of memories .
most of mine were in the restroom : ( if you have any questions feel free to e - mail me .
beautiful , relaxing but stomach problems ! ! ! our group of 12stayed at bararo princess jan 13-20, 2007.
it was a beautiful resort , well kept but old .
the grounds were outstanding .
the beach was wonderful , our rooms were old but for the most part clean but not 5 star . six of us had stayed two years ago in a lower rated smaller resort and we did not get sick from the food .
this time 7 out of the 12 had stomach problems , and 4 were very sick .
two of the group know that they were served bad scallups at the pay extra restaurant licey .
they spit them out they tasted so bad and were very ill that night , and a week later still do not feel great !
so be really careful ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !i myself did not have a problem .
i found plenty to eat that i enjoyed . the main buffet in the lobby had many chioces and we all seemed to like it .
for dinner we ate in all the different restaurants and the food was good , the service was slow but they all had a smile and tryed to please you .
except for el pescador the service was terrible !
we waited over two hours for our first course .
the staff did not care , smile or try at all .
the only one who was even friendly was the waiter for the drinks and it took him four times to get the order right but we did not mind becase he tried . all in all i had a great , relaxing vacation but i am not so sure my friends who got sick would say the same .
great place , but bring the immodium general experience / overview : a group of us (5 in total in three separate rooms ) stayed from dec 13 to 27 2006 and had a great time overall .
the beach was beautiful , the staff were friendly and weather was great ( but did get a couple rainy / overcast days ) .
the rooms , grounds and beach were all kept clean and tidy , especially given how large the complex is .
the staff put on an outstanding christmas eve buffet that would rival some of the better ones in las vegas with incredible displays and nearly every food imaginable , including all you can eat lobster .
no complaints there . the two pools were both quite nice .
we ended up going to the quiet pool more often because it was less competitive for seating and there was no blaring dance mix '94- esque music in the latter half of the afternoon ( although at times people still dragged their screeching brats in , despite it being called the quiet pool ) .the evening entertainment events were cute in a junior high pageant kind of way .
at least they tried hard , were enthusiastic and seemed to have fun doing it .
might be best left to the kids ( or the really drunk ) .there were a few negative experiences however .
hot water was unavailable at least twice and electricity was out once for about an hour .
this was complex wide and not just our room .
and when i say no hot water , i mean that there was literally none available ( gurgling taps , not just as though they had run out ) .
the fitness facility ( gym / weight room ) was also lacking in capacity and the cardio equipment was either not functioning or of poor quality / condition .
the staff seemed pretty slack in opening on time too as we had to wait for them to open it every morning ( sometimes 20 minutes late ) .overall we would have to rate the food as being good .
the buffets offered a wide variety of food that appeared to be of good to excellent quality .
the a la carte restaurants were fair to good with service generally good to excellent .
despite the five available places to choose from , after two weeks we all were growing tired of the selection .
i suspect that is not unique to an all inclusive experience .
the red and white wines were incredibly awful and would suggest you avoid them completely .
we found the sparkling wine to be decent enough to drink by the bottle .
as others here have mentioned , we also got sick from the food for the first time in our lives .
now i would like to state that all of us are well traveled and hardly inhibited when it comes to cuisine ( local or otherwise ) .
however , all five of us had varying degrees of diarrhea .
three of us were very sick for a few days with excruciating stomach pains , fever and nausea .
one of us was stomach sick the entire time and from the sounds of the stalls next to us , we were not the only guests having these issues . vip opiniondid not go for the vip service and did not have regrets .
we spoke to people who spent the extra (30usd a day per person ) and all they seemed to get out of it was some bottles of rum / vodka ( which only goes for about 4-9usd down there anyway never mind you can just get the bartenders to fill up whatever container you want with whatever booze you want at any time , which is what we did ) .
the only other things you got out of it was a chance to eat at the fancy restaurant once a week and were able to access a vip lounge ( which was totally dead / nothing in it ) .
other perks were cigars ( again dirt cheap down there ) and robes and nightly maid service to turn down your bed .
supposedly you get a beach front view , but as far as we could tell , that did not really exist and the rooms were otherwise the same .
they did not offer any special treatment at restaurants or at the beach area .
so considering it would have been 60usd for us _per day_ we figured we could buy a lot of cigars and booze for that . tips and advice : get a room away from the sewage processing area ( i think they were around the 200's to 220's ) .
not exactly sure what was going on around there , but you sure smelled it every time you walked / drove by .
try and get a room that does not face the tram path as they can get pretty noisy and hollering drunks may wake you up at night .
not to mention everyone that goes by on the tram gets the pleasure of staring into your room ( at least that seemed to be the case ) .be sure to ask for a king size bed if that matters to you , otherwise you may get a twin .
not sure if they offer king size beds on the upper level rooms but you may try to go for it so you do not get stuck with a bunch of rowdy spaniards fighting and dancing in flamenco shoes at all hours of the morning/night .
also , be prepared for a topless beach and pool area ( i guess that means either bring extra film or stay away altogether depending on how that suits you ) .bring a decent sized drink container to take to the beach so you can have the bartender fill it up with your favorite poison so you do not need to make as many trips . if you are mobility reduced i think you would struggle here ( or at least you could likely find more accommodating places ) .
the complex is huge and the rooms have several steps inside and out . it did not seem like it would be a great singles place either and although there were some activities / infrastructure for families , you might want to see what else is out there first . bring lots of small us bills for the staff , they work really hard and long hours .
they seemed to really appreciate the small tips now and again and likely helped in us getting such good service .
just o . k .
my husband and i traveled to bavaro princess the first week of april .
we looked forward to this for many months .
the flight was wonderful , usa300 is a fantastic airline .
arrival was smooth and transfer to the hotel was good , we traveled with apple vacations .
we got to the resort after about a 30 minute drive , which was interesting through the country side .
the resort is impressive , but the service was disappointing .
we arrived with no welcome at all .
we have traveled to mexico and jamaica and have been warmly welcomed as you step off the bus in the other resorts we had stayed .
here , we had to find our own way to the check - in ( very long ) line .
after standing in line for about 20 wasted minutes , we were told to go stand another line because we upgraded to the platinum package .
i would think that since we paid more , we would have been given a little better direction .
another 20 minutes gone by and all we have done is stand around wondering what to do .
the english , even for the front of the house staff , is below par .
yes , i 'm in their country , but if they wish to be a tourist destination , then better language accommodations should be made .
we finally make it to the platinum lounge after about an hour , this is where we are to check - in .
they were better accommodating here with a little better english .
the room was gorgeous , the beach was fabulous , housekeeping and ground maintenance at this resort are excellent , these staffs need to be commended for their hard work .
on the other hand , the front of the house staff , front desk , bell staff , servers , bartenders , etc , need quite a bit of training on servicing the guests and making them feel welcome .
i have worked in hotel management for many years , i do look for exceptional service , which this resort did not have .
the food is definitely under par .
the buffet for breakfast and lunch by the beach was scary to say the least .
dinner at licey was nice , service here rated a little better .
the rest of the outlets are questionable .
all in all , we managed to have a good time more because we appreciate the warm weather and beautiful country .
we would probably go back to punta cana , but would not stay at princess , unless management makes some changes and decided to train their front of the house staff on the importance of guest service .
food poisoning - - march 1-8th , 2006 my husband and i stayed at the bavaro princess the first week of march 2006.
to qualify my statements , i have travelled and stayed in resorts in the following locations : mazatlan , puerta vallarta , cancun , jamaica , cuba , and costa rica prior to this trip . pool : nice , big and lots of shade to get out of the sunbeach : one of the nicest i have ever stepped foot on .
we walked for miles along the beach each day and people watched others walking by .
bavaro had lots of chairs available but you had to be up at the crack of dawn if you wanted a big umbrella thingy to sit under .
people reserved then with beach towels and did not come back until mid - late morning .
this usually happens at all resorts . grounds : this property was beautifully manicured and well kept but huge .
trams come around quite frequently so this was not a big deal ! service : poor .
no one wants to help with anything .
for example . . . . . . . the front desk forgot to give us a lock for the safe so we called and asked that one be brought to us .
we wanted to lock our valuables up .
they told us that we would have to come all the way back to the front desk to get the lock and that one would not be available until the next day . good luck on getting a drink if you do not have a dollar bill in your hand .
the bartenders scan the bar for money and skip over everyone who is not showing the cash .
and they will serve people that walk up beside you after you have been waiting for 10 minutes , if they have a dollar in their hands . room : spacious suites are well kept and clean .
food and drink : poor . . . . . .
i did not go with high expectation for food , but i was still disappointed .
the best food i found was at the beach bar and found myself having a hamburger and fries every day .
the food was generally bland and everything was luke warm , regardless of whether it was supposed to be hot or cold . my husband and i both got food poisioning our second last night when we ate at bella pasta .
we both had the beef carpaccio as an appetizer and different main courses so there is the link .
my husband woke up in the middle of the night and puked his guts out the next 24 hours along with hot and cold spells .
and we both suffered from severe stomach cramping and 'the runs ' for the following 10 days . we only drank bottled water and even brushed our teeth with bottled , so we know it was not from the water . we found the drinks to be watered down ( not a huge deal ) , but the cocktails were sooooo sweet that we could not drink them .
stick to highballs and beer if you do not want your teeth to rot and fall out . overall : i would recommend travelling to punta cana to everyone , but not this resort because of the poor food , drink and service .
this is a 3- star resort in 5- star clothing !
disappointed with a few things just returned on 12mar06 from this resort and had many disappointments .
the food was tasteless and several people that i met has suffered from food poisioning .
the beach was beautiful and weather was great .
i found the pool to be cool and did not like the entrance way in .
the only positive on the trip , were the lovely people we met from canada . i have been to many resorts , and this was one was lacking in alot of activities , such as entertainment , dancing , and being able to socialize at a sit down beach bar .
i will choose another location next time .
chance to rate two resorts have a chance to rate two resorts in the d . r . as our travel agent booked us into the wrong resort for 4 days of our week trip . first resort was the bavaro princess .
food was great , beach and water awesome , rooms a little dreary and old .
not enough english speaking people to help you with problems . bavaro palace was much newer , beautiful grounds , colorful buildings , good food , and helpful staff .
beach here was also wonderful .
would stay at this one again .
golfing is good .
some very nice courses with wonderful scenery .
now , if you could just do something about the taxi drivers ! ! scary ! !
pretty hotel but hotel was very pretty , beach was beautiful with alot of palm trees , pool lovely .
service was good .
people not friendly - never smiled .
mostly spanish speaking - did not understand english .
room was nice - but bathroom old .
there was a musty smell in the bedroom which came from the air conditioning .
food was average - safe to order food from the grill .
ask for section (5) facing ocean or garden and ocean .
location is good and quite .
do not go to chez palace or lafuente - you have to pay extra , not included in the all inclusive .
was absolutely not worth the extra money .
food at those restaurants were not good .
still this is a good place to go to rest and the price is right . unless escorted - do not go outside of the hotel - not safe .
also expect a dirty island - very poor .
stay in your hotel and enjoy .
not my favorite place my family and i visited the bavaro princess from dec . 17-24 and were very surprised with our results .
check in was an adventure , we went platinum and were driven around to the platinum desk where we were told that the two rooms we reserved were not in the same building .
that was not feasible because we are travelng with our children and because no american family has more than two children ( according to apple vacations ) we had to book a room for them , this was put in the reservations , e - mailed before arrival so on .
after much grief we were put in 2 beautiful rooms near the beach 776/778.
we had no idea that you had to have an electric key to get anything in your room to work , we sat for 3hrs waiting on a key ! dinner at hispanola is really your best bet , you can always eat cheeseburger , french fries , and salad .
you never know what else you are eating , if you go to the restaurants book at 7pm so when you do not like the food you have enough time to get to the buffet .
joselo in el gaucho is the worst staff member that you can encounter , he waited on us at dinner and would only give the 5 people at our table 1 menu !
he then acted like we were taking to long to order .
the resort in itself is really beautiful the beach makes up for everything else that is wrong ! ! ! ! !
the rooms are damp to the point going to bed became gross , bring extra swimsuits because nothing around there ever dries .
i could 'nt have made it through the week without my trusty can of lysol , the bedspreads have a little mold around the edges , the maids do not use any type of disinfectant when they clean , the beach tools that they leave in your room are damp also .
i left a $5 tip everyday for the maid in the morning and evening .
it makes no difference same service , slow and half - baked ! ! ! !
the bugs are a huge problem for me !
i did 'nt bring any bugs there and i did 'nt want to take any home . . . with leads me to say i had a couple of ants crawling on our suitcases and i sprayed them with lysol and tried to over look that but after i had a cup of coffee and took a nap i went to put the empty cup outside and was surprised to find every and in the free world crawling on the table and in the cup !
gross ! ! ! i called the platinum lounge and they sent someone to spray while we were gone to dinner , okay .
when we got back from dinner there we 2 nice and dead cockroaches on the floor that were 'nt there before .
time to move or go home , i asked if we could be moved and the manager swore there were no more rooms . . . .after much fingerpointing and my demanding a refund he found 2 open rooms by surprise right on the beach ! ! ! wow . . . and guess what !
directly across from where we were staying .
the new rooms were good , they are all the same just no bugs .
going with the platinum package is not really worth the extra money because the people who did 'nt have platinum enjoyed the same ( almost ) amenities that we did , no big deal .
the spa is beautiful , but after 2 visits i found it not to be sanitary .
the towels they lay on the beds are not changed , they just shake them off and put them back down !
the robes are not washed either , i had on a robe for a facial ( waste of money ) and a bikini wax after i took the robe off she took it and hung it back up for the next person to use , i could 'nt believe it .
my husband and i also had the coconut fantasy and who knows how many times the robes had been used .
the trollies are great , i never had a problem getting one and if it was full the walk to the front was nice anyway .
walk off some of the yucky food you ate .
i would not say that this is a 5 star resort due the problems i encountered , but it is beautiful to be fair .
i would not advise going off the resort to shop !
i hate when they almost snatch you and make you take a look at their shops , it was very uncomfortable and no thank you does not work .
i would just rather spend extra money and buy at the resort and feel safe .
the outback safari tour is nice but way overpriced .
it is however the best food that you will encounter the duration of your stay though .
go with a very open mind and things will be okay , there will be more bugs in your rooms than you think ! ! ! believe me .
definately not a 5 star resort my family and i stayed at the bavaro princess from june 3 - 10, 05.
this is definately not a 5 star resort .
check in - we arrrived around 8:30 p . m . and check in went smoothly except for the fact that they dropped us off in front of one of the rooms and we could not find the other room .
there was no explanation of where the other room was .
it was just on the other side of the first room but you had to use a walkway or the quicker way was to walk through the grass .
we had two rooms and the other room was just on the opposite side .
it was 8:30 p . m . we were tired and just wanted to get to the room and not have to look for it .
to me that is not 5 star service .
i would like to be shown to my room .
then there was confusion with the luggage and it was delived to the wrong room . rooms - they were just like in the pictures , except my personal items kept getting wet on the sink .
i think the bathroom above us had a leak and it kept leaking down to our sink and vanity .
i am glad i had my make - up in a plastic make - up bag .
forget about getting anything repaired .
we had a light out on patio and we told them about it the first day and it was still not fixed when we left .
the room was 265.
getting clean beach towels was something of a chore .
we had the same beach towels for 3 days before i caught up with the maid and got new ones .
i would lay the dirty ones on the floor by her card with a tip but still no clean beach towels . food - not the greatest but you will find something you like .
beware - there were four of us traveling and all four of us got sick .
we are back now for 5 days and we are still sick .
no , we did not drink the water . beach - it was beautiful . bartenders - not so great !
one bartender at each station most of the time .
i waved at the bartender to get his attention to get a drink and they would wave right back .
i know they knew what i wanted but they took their time getting it .
it was kind of a pain in the you know what to get a drink even if you tipped .
maximo was nice though at the pool bar , not very quick but nice . entertainment - was average .
went to the shows almost every night and there was nothing really great .
most of the shows were audience participation and i did participate .
we did miss the lion king show though because we arrived on a friday and that is when they have the lion king show .
we were too busy trying to find our room ! chopin - does not have breakfast anymore .
we went there the one morning and there was no breakfast . hyspanio - the buffet that is supposed to have lobster on saturday night did not . i know many of you are probably booked there already so do not despair .
your trip will be what you make of it .
go and make the best of it .
the hotel is just not 5 stars , but i am sure you will have fun . snorkling - amazingvip - not worth it to us .
we used mostly all our vip coupons but still it was not worth it .
i was under the assumption that we would be closer to the beach and pool which we were not .
we were about a 5 minute walk away while some people with vip got really close to the pool and the beach . if you have any questions i will be glad to answer them .
my email is lbeninsky@yahoo . comtrams
sucked at the end , had to wait for about the third tram to catch a ride .
they were all pretty full at the end of our stay .
i had four traveling in my party and it was hard to get 4 seats .
a realistic summary just got back tonight from one week at the bavaro princess and since i was constantly checking this site , felt i owed a review myself .
i went along with my wife and 2 kids ( ages 5 and 3) .
the bottom line is that i was glad we stayed at this resort primarilly because it is a suite which made it relatively comfortable for a family with 2 young kids .
i felt it would be important to note my impressions relative to the reviews i had read previously . the most important issues to us were that we did not get sick or feel endangered by malaria .
fortunately , even though we drank the water which was served ( supposedly purified ) , none of us were sick .
time will tell if we come down with malaria , but we took the pills and did not see any mosquitos .
my wife did have 5 bites , but was told by another quest that had been to punta cana several times before that they were likely from very very small spiders in the beds and pose no harm .
the room from first observation was that it was a little musty but decently sized and relatively clean .
i saw one bug during my stay there which i felt was acceptable .
the pull out bed , however was the worst bed i 've ever laid on by far .
i would ask the desk to roll in a cot if you need more room . the recent hurricane was not evident to us .
yes , there were downed tress in the jungle in between the 2 main living areas , but they could just have easilly been down prioir to the summer . the food was in my opinion average to poor .
while it is true that you can always find something to eat , i felt dinner was the least enjoyable meal , because you could not as easilly get another chance , or see the food prioir to choosing it as you can at a buffet during lunch or breakfast .
for those that felt that the food is just not catered for american tastes , i say these restaurants would not fluorish anywhere by themselves as seperate entitys .
the staff however was very friendly at the restaurants , and while i was surprised how little tipping took place , i felt like i wanted to , not because i had to .
as a general rule the folks away from the main building were very warm and loving . i do agree with the previous reviewer in that the front desk folks in general were not as willing to help .
if you are someone that likes to stay connected to e - mail or voicemail while on vacation , i can tell you it is a major problem .
the only way i could do it , was by going to the main building which was a 10 min walk and then hope someone could help me .
there is a fee for online access as well as getting to an att operator for calls , which is fine with me , but to have to trek to the main building is just not right .
one other thing to understand is that punta cana schedule seems to be hurry up and wait .
several things such as massages , dinners reservations , ground transportation to the airport , were such that we were warned to be punctual only to be waiting 10 - 30 minutes when we arrived on time .
we went through apple and while i thought my travel agent was great , i felt the rep at the hotel was only interested in selling excursions and was not to be relide upon for anything . we did not run into any really rude guests , but that is always kind of the luck of the draw on any vacation .
i did feel like i was not sure how to greet people while walking by since you never know what their native tounge is , which i think inhibits mingling . lastly , we did have vip status and were happy with it .
the location was convenient , which in itself was worth it with little kids .
the massage was a nice bonus .
the rum and cigars were ok .
the premium drinks seemed to be the same for all .
hope this helps !
stayed at the bavaro princess aug . 15-22, 2004 last year , we went to sandals royal bahamian resort and spa and we were sooo impressed .
naturally , we have very high expectations for the next resort .
so my experience at bavaro may have been tainted with constant comparisons to sandals .
in any case , here 's my review : check - in : it was done in five minutes , no sweat .
but , we were told that the rooms would not be ready until 3 p . m .
so we went to lunch and did some walking around .
around 3 p . m . we went to the counter and was told that the room would not be ready for another 35 minutes because the people left late .
i was hot and tired and was therefore very upset by the news .
they offered us another room but i was not about to pass up on the room we were waiting for .
so we waited .
when the 35 minutes was up , we went back to the counter with renewed hope only to be told to wait another 20 minutes !
i was sooo mad by then !
so we walked to the front and found our luggage exactly where we left it three hours earlier .
only then that we were told that we could go to our room .
what a nightmare !
it probably would not have been so bad if it was not so hot ! resort : at 96 acres , bring comfy sandals and plan to walk a lot ( in spite of the trams provided for transportation as empty seats are hard to come across at peak times ) .
be warned that the only place that has air - conditioning is your room and that people smoke everywhere ! - including restaurants and pools !
other than that , it is absolutely beautiful !
it 's very clean and the landscaping is impeccable . staff : most are good and very respectful .
but the friendliest bunch are the maids , bartenders and waitstaff .
a dollar or two will get you an even more superb service the next time they see you . pool : large and clean .
it can be overcrowded , but i like it that way because it gives it a lively feeling .
there were a lot of shallow ends - perfect for the little ones .
the swim - up bar had the best pina coladas .
but if you want chairs , get up between 7 and 8 and hang your towels on your chosen spot , otherwise , good luck finding any for the rest of the day !
same with the beach area . beach : it was packed with topless women of all shapes and sizes .
but it is a beautiful beach .
i was impressed . suite : wow .
it was huge !
the pictures in the bavaro sites does not do it any justice .
we had minor ant problems here and there , but nothing that a quick squirt of skintastics spray could not fix .
but the smell in the washroom could be gross sometimes .
i think it 's the pipes linking to the sink .
the sheets were not bad but i religiously sprayed it with febreeze before each use and it helped a lot .
the mini - bar in the vip was stocked daily .
and any services required for the room was met in an instant .
our maid was jocelyn and she was a very sweet lady .
we always got extra towels , extra bottled water and always got our room cleaned early . bars : i only went to the one at the lobby and the swim - up bar in the main pool .
and let 's just say that it 's a complete waste of time to go to the one in the lobby .
and if you 're a smoker , you can buy cigaretttes for a cool dollar at the swim - up bar .
gift shop : can you say rip - off ?
the lady tried to charge us $25 us for a normal bottle of sunblock ! restaurantsbella pasta : i was expecting a good selection of pastas .
well , i only had two to choose from everyday and it was the same sauce everyday - alfredo and tomato and no meat whatsoever .
the rest were fruits , vegetables and pizzas . mac princess : tasty chicken and beef burgers .
but please do tip the poor guy ( a dollar will do ) that spends 12 hours a day in front of the hot grill everyday . el gaucho : sausage was good and that 's it .
steak was so - so . chopin : awww , i was looking forward to this restaurant since it got so many great reviews .
my personal review for it ?
it sucked and it 's totally over - rated . la hispaniola : this is the only restaurant open for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
but do get up early since it closes at 10 a . m .
try the smoothies and donuts .
licey : we had reservations as part of vip package .
but what good would it do for anyone with children if you ca not bring your kids with you ?
our daughter is 2. what were we supoosed to do with her ?
so we skipped it altogether . tourists : it was a gold - mine to find people who spoke english !
the majority are europeans ( like many people said in here ) and i experienced first - hand just how rude these europeans are .
it 's like they own the place !
and not once have i ever heard anyone who has knocked me over or cut in front of me say the words sorry or excuse me - even in their language ! vip package : - did not get bathrobes , but got lots of extra towels - steps to the main pool and beach - massage was good , but it was hardly relaxing what with the sound of the tram , people walking by and the lawnmower going off in the background . for us , just being near the pool , having extras of everything and having nightly turn - down service was worth it . check - out : easy as 1-2-3. overall , this resort is perfect in some ways , but it could be better in many other ways .
beautiful bavaro we just arrived back from a beautiful week in the dominican march 20th .
the bus ride to the hotel from the airport was 35 minutes .
check - in went well .
the rooms are beautiful and spacious .
the beach is absolutely gorgeous .
it takes a day to get familiar with the layout of the resort and the bus schedule .
we missed breakfast 4 days out of the week because they close at 10am in the main buffet .
do yourself a favor and wake up a little earlier becuase the beach shack has nasty food .
we strongly suggest that you spend a little extra money and sign up for the vip .
this was the best decision we could have made - no lines for dinner reservations , top shelf liquor , free massage and horeseback ride ( which was the most fun ) and a free dinner at the most romantic place to eat . . . licey .
as for the other restaurants , chopin was horrible for dinner as it was full of bugs and flies .
the main buffet is better than some of the restaurants that you need a reservation for .
if you like casinos , a bus will pick you up after 7 everyday and bring you to the next resort .
the grounds are well kept as well as the rooms .
the hospitality of the workers was tremenous and a little tip goes a long way .
the hotel has a flea market once a week , buy your souvenirs there .
or , if you are willing to bargain , there are vendors on the beach - - a 25 minute walk in either direction .
overall , a very nice and relaxing vacation spent in beautiful punta cana .
not the best , but . . .
this was not our first time in punta cana .
the beach is always fantastic .
this resort , however , is not a 4.5 star .
the huts were abundant , but you have to take the time to look .
the rooms were indeed clean but the shower had no pressure and had lukewarm water .
on our 6th day we found out the best time to take a shower is 4 p . m . kids club okay , we have an 8 year old son .
the main bathroom at the beach flooded four times when we were there - had to walk around the mess .
the pool was okay .
bella pasta restaurant was being repaired ( the roof ) and a few times the tarp flew up - - made us wonder what would happen next .
food was okay , as the other reviews say lots of oil , but we enjoyed it .
the fruit is amazing .
the staff were as friendly as busy staff can be .
this resort was a bit big for us .
we 've been to punta cana three other times and wo not return to this resort again as we know the better ones .
the grounds are beautiful - be prepared to walk - we did - or take the golf cart like buses .
lots of europeans .
language not a big problem , you have to expect that their first language is not english so brush up on the necessary words .
we did parasailing - nice .
also the catamaran day tour - long day - 13 hours .
our son found the day long .
it 's more for adults as there was not any children there .
all in all punta cana is always beautiful , but look for a smaller resort if you want the true hospitality of the people and their warmth .
smaller resorts remember you which makes you feel more welcome .
great time at bavario princess . . . . . do not worry , be happy !
had 10 days at the bavaro princess in february .
recommend you take the vip pkg .
it is well worth it .
the trains around the property are great .
i have trouble walking and the train/tram really helped me out .
my wife walked the grounds for 1 hour each morning for exercise .
truly a beautiful place especially considering they had to carve it out of a rain forest . we did not go to the seafood restaurant .
if it swims , we do not eat it .
but all the rest were fine .
we left the biggest tip at the licey gourmet restaurant .
not only the food and service was great but the wine was truly great .
as an after dinner drink i had jb reserve scotch .
love that vip package .
horseback riding also included and was fun .
had the massage too !
found the pools clean and the 'eye candy ' just fine ! check out our website . . . dominican page for a photo review of our time there : http : //broadcasters . tripod . com
enjoy the bavarro princess . . . . . we certainly did , btw attitude means so much .
make up your mind to have a fun vacation and you probably will .
smile a lot . . . .it goes a long way .
so will a dollar or two for a tip . enjoy
truth is somewhere in the middle having been to about a dozen islands in the caribbean , my fiance and i know what we like and what we do not like .
before going on this last trip to bavaro princess , i was rather concerned by many of the reviews i read on this site and others .
after coming back , i realize that 1.
we do not like the dominican republic , 2. both the good and bad reviews are accurate to some degree , 3. bavaro princess and the dominican republic ( dr ) are surely fine for some , and 4. we wo not be going back to bavaro princess or dr .
i 'll try to make this as helpful as i can without being too long - winded .
language barrier ?
you bet . . . . . . . we expected this and so we did not let it bother us too much ( we are in their country after all ) .
my parents do not speak a lick of spanish and they recommended dr to us , so it 's not impossible to get around . . . . . just frustrating at times .
mildew smell in the rooms ?
absolutely for us . . . . . .it was almost choking . . . . . but we spoke with others as we were leaving and they had no problem and one asked to be moved because of it and was ( my fault for thinking the problem would be the same in all rooms . . . . . ask to get moved if you have a problem ) .
really not as bad as some people say it is . . . . . . . .no , it 's not usa 4 or 5 star , but to call everything inedible is just not true . . . . . . . we were actually pleasantly surprised that we found as much as we did that we liked .
ok , here you really need to listen to the reviews . . . . . it is the exception to the food comments above . . . . . . . .no need to gross you out , but trust me : do not eat any seafood while there . . . . . any !
i was sick for a week after coming back .
other than the smell , pretty nice but some could certainly use a freshening up . . . . . not horrible , but not great ( and this is coming from someone who knows that 5 star in the caribbean is not 5 star in the us . . . . . it 's just not . . . .sorry folks but there is no such thing as a 5 star hotel by us standards on the beach in the caribbean . . . . . . . .do not expect it and you wo not be disappointed ) .
we were very happy with the service at the restaurants and our maid did a great job too .
leave a few dollars the first day and it goes a long way ( extra towels the rest of your stay ) .
mixed reviews . . . . . .some really good , some really bad : experiment until you find what you like then stick with it .
gorgeous . . . . . .really , i 'm not a fan of dr , but the beach itself is great .
this was disappoining to us . . . .do not bother taking equipment . . . .just too wavey and nothing to see .
we are avid snorkelers so this really bummed us out .
tv remotes ?
they were out every time we asked for one .
room safe ?
ours had no lock , so we just kept our luggage locked and put our money in that . . . . . .no problems with theft though . . . . . . . . . hey , where 's my watch ?
( just kidding ) .
front desk ?
here 's where the language barrier gets frustrating : our overall impression of the service at this resort is that they are good at doing the norm . . . . . .but it 's the special requests that you just wo not get taken care of .
maybe it was language , maybe it was lack of ambition , maybe it was a little of both ?
oh , and check - in was terribly inefficient ( and do not bother thinking about checking in early - -the room wo not be ready . . . or so they say ) .
the shuttles ?
not bad , not great . . . .adequate .
the fumes are pretty bad when you 're riding it , but they do not smell up the whole resort like some people claim .
i think the bigger problem here is that the resort is so large in area , that everyone in the resort really relies on the shuttles to get anywhere .
all in all , it 's not as bad as some people say .
do not go there with huge hopes for a perfect vacation .
on the other hand , i would not avoid this resort either .
we 've certainly stayed at better , but to each his own . . . . . we really like beaches/sandals , but you read some people 's reviews and you 'd swear they were the worst places on earth . . . .no place will please everyone .
for us , we also prefer more of an islandy no worries kind of atmosphere , and dr gave us more of a third world country feeling .
i just prefer the steel drums and island culture of the other caribbean islands ( eg jamaica , antigua , st . lucia , caymans , virgin islands , etc ) over the spanish/dominican flavor of punta cana .
hey , my parents ( mid 50's ) still swear by dr ( they stayed at one of the iberostars ) , but it 's just not my cup of tea .
i would not blame that on this resort though .
do not let the reviews scare you , and dont let the reviews build up your hopes too high that you 're setting yourself up for disappointment .
the truth is almost always somewhere in the middle .
be prepared and remember when things are not perfect that you are on vacation and that should mean relaxing .
have fun !
food poisoning week we really liked the resort , the way its spread out .
it is very romantic at night , with the walks along the path .
we ate at the sea food resturant el pescadores and the next day we were throwing up and having the runs .
a week later and we are still having the runs and are sick and tired .
i will never go there again and will never take the chance and bring my young kids there .
i would not wish my kids or any other kids to get food poisoning .
your trip would be no fun at all .
fun resort my wife and i stayed at the melia caribe tropical during the week of oct 24 and we truly had a great time in the resort .
we stayed for 7 days .
our check in was fast and easy .
i had requested to be close to the beach and pool and they honored it .
however we did have to change rooms .
our first room 3406 had problems , the resort however changed our rooms with no problems .
we had the junior suites , if i go back to this resort ( which i will ) i will opt for the royal service .
the resort is beautifully landscaped , the restaurants are great and the activities at night are good .
i walked the beach and noticed that our resort had the most visitors .
therefore their is more going on at this resort .
it is family friendly with its own section of the resort dedicated to families with children , ask for the family junior suites .
you will truly have a great time at this resort .
if you are looking to get married this would be the resort .
we saw around 4 weddings during our stay .
also , we did the safari tour with prieto tours , nice group of guys they will try to accomodate you during your stay in dominican republic .
